<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>The Busher Abroad</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<article id="the-busher-abroad" epub:type="se:short-story">
			<h2 epub:type="title">The Busher Abroad</h2>
			<section id="the-busher-abroad-1" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<h3 epub:type="title">I</h3>
				<blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
					<header role="presentation">
						<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">on the Ship bord. <abbr>Nov.</abbr> 22.</p>
					</header>
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Friend Al</b>: Well old pal I bet you did not never think you would be geting a letter from me from the middle of the pacific Ocean and of coarse you are not realy geting it from the middle of the Ocean because I will not male it til we get to japan or Yokohama or 1 of them places but you will be geting from more then the middle of the Ocean because before you get this letter this letter will of been acrost the Ocean onct and then back bu acrost the Ocean the way wear going opisite to. and Im not going to male this letter in 1 letter but I will try and write some thing evry day wear on the Ship bord and then male you a hole lot of letters to gather when I male them when we land and it will be just like as if you was a long when you read Store A the letters. I thot at 1st I would write a letter evry day to Florrie and I all ready started writeing to her before beggun this letter to you but then I remmembered a bout she saying onct that she would rather get a post card from me then a letter because when she got a letter from me she all ways expected to see a check drop out of it and was dissapointed but she knowed I wouldent be recklest enough to send no check in a post card and I guess Al you know I got more sence then that to. So when I get acrost to Japan I will buy a hole bunch of post cards the prettest pitchers I can get a hold of and send her enough so as she can fill up a alban up with them if she likes.</p>
					<p>I says I would write some thing to you evry day Al but I ment evry day from now on because we all ready been out on the Ship bord over 2 days and I did not write nothing them 2 days on acct. of not feeling good. I must of ett some thing there in Seattle that did not aggree with my stumick because I been in bed ever since we left the Victoria <abbr epub:type="z3998:place">B.C.</abbr> and was not able to obtane no food on my stumick and I was in awfull bad shape Al and I called for the <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Dr.</abbr> thats on the Ship bord and had him come in to my birth and see me and he says whats the trouble and I says my stumick was all set up and he says I had Maul the mare or some thing and he says pretty near evry body on the boat was sick so I thot for a minut that we must of all of us got posoned at 1 of them banquits but I found out after words that the rest of the people that was sick was sea sick on acct of the Ocean water being ruff so I guess the banquits was all OK and it must of been some thing I ett a lone at 1 of them restrunts in Seattle.</p>
					<p>The <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Dr.</abbr> says they was 0 he could do for me but I was just to lay still and Id get over it but when he told me to just lay still he might is well of told me to cut my hare with the pianno stool because they was not no chance to lay still on acct of the boat typing back and 4th but this <abbr>a.m.</abbr> the Ocean water was not ruff no more that is not as ruff as it had of been and I got up and drest a bout 11 a clock and I thot I would in joy my dinner but when I got in the dinning room I felt kind of set up again and all as I could get a way with was a little soup and I never seen so much to eat in my life Al and me being in there where they was so much to eat and in able to eat nothing a tall was just like as if a man would go up to hit against 1 of them rotten pitchers like Allen and find out he had left his bat in the club house.</p>
					<p>well pretty near evry body that was sea sick was all OK again and the boys was all most of them laughing at each other for geting sea sick and I says to them you fellows must have a stumick like a baby or some thing geting sea sick when you only been on the Ocean 2 days and dutch Schaefer was standing there and he says where you been your self the last 2 days and I says I ett some thing in Seattle that posoned me and he says that was the trouble with me to I ett some rat poson thinking it was tooth paste and I did not say nothing back but I seen he was not telling the truth and just trying to make them beleive he was not sea sick because rat posen dont look no more like tooth paste then 2 peas and it comes in a tin tub that you squeze it out on to your tooth brush.</p>
					<p>Well Al I feel like as if I could eat some thing for supper and pretty soon I got to beggin changeing my cloths because all the boys has got to ware there evening cloths at supper and it seems kind a silly changeing my cloths when I aint only had these cloths on me since 11 a clock this <abbr>a.m.</abbr> and I aint played ball or done nothing to dirty them up but may be after evry bodys saw us in our dress cloths onct they will be satisfide and we can ware our reglar cloths to supper after tonight and if not I will put on my evening dress sute pants and shirt and so 4th when I get up in the <abbr>a.m.</abbr> and ware a swetter over them til it comes time for supper and then I wont half to waist ½ my time changeing cloths.</p>
					<p>Well old pal I wont write no more today because I want to go out on the porch and get some fresh air before I beggin dresing and I was out there a wile this <abbr>a.m.</abbr> and its mighty funny Al looking a round all over and all as you can see is water and not no land no wheres tho theys nothing in the way and I guess a man with good eye site can see pretty near a mile in evry direcshon. I wisht I could of hit that 1 I hit off of Walter Johnson that day out here on the Ocean where they aint no fence or club house to stop it and I bet them outfielders would not never of found the ball because it was hit like a shot and was still going up when it bumpt in to the club house. Well Al remmember me to Bertha and Im all OK and haveing a grate time only Id kind a like to see Florrie and little Al for a minut even if they was cross the both of them. I will try and write some more tommorow and Im going to leave this letter lay a long with the rest of them I write and send the hole lot of them to gather all at onct.</p>
					<footer role="presentation">
						<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">Your pal,</span><br/>
						<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
					</footer>
				</blockquote>
				<blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
					<header role="presentation">
						<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">on the Ship bord. <abbr>Nov.</abbr> 23.</p>
					</header>
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Old Pal</b>: well Al I had an other bad night on acct of eating to much for supper last night but you cant hardily blame a man for eating a little some thing when his stumicks been vacant for over 2 hole days on acct of me geting posoned in Seattle. the Ocean was awfull ruff again last night and I just found out that we come pretty near geting recked on acct of it being so ruff and the way I found out steve Evans thats 1 of the players from the Nat. league took me up to the capt of the Ships ofice this <abbr>a.m.</abbr> and the capt left us look at his dairy and it says in it that the water tight doors worked and Evans says if it had not of been that we was in danger of geting recked the capt would not of tride the doors to see weather they worked or not and the water tight doors is some thing like the storm doors that you got on your house to keep from geting cold in the winter only they stick them a round the out side of the porch so as when the waters so deep that the porch is under the water it cant get in threw the doors and on to the porch and drowned us and it all so says in the dairy that they was 200 and 65 knots and Evans says that means that the capt counted that many in the doors and if some of them ever busted out and left knot holes it would be all off with us.</p>
					<p>Well Al this <abbr>p.m.</abbr> we been playing shovvle bord and its a game where you slide some round iron things a long the floor and see how clost you can get them to a certun line and it counts so much and you can curve them like a base ball only of coarse you cant only curve them out and in and cant get no sharp brake down like I got on my curve ball only when my fast 1 is hoping threw there you might all most say I dont need no curve ball. I made the rest of them look like a sucker in this here game we was playing and I had not never tride it before and it just shows that all games is a pipe for a man thats a naturel athalete and I guess its a good thing for some of them would be star foot ball players that I dident never but in to that game.</p>
					<p>I got to change my cloths again for supper pretty soon and I dont mind it now Al on acct of the way the evening dress sute sits on me and steve Evans says it fits me like the cloths Bert Wms. wares on the stage fits him and hes a acter. the pants and vest and cote is plane black with a seem runing up and down the out side and in side of the pants legs and the cote dont quite button to gather on me yet but dutch Schaefer says I could button it OK if I could get my stumick posoned a couple more times like I done in Seattle and not eat nothing for a wk. and he is all ways puling stuff like that. Comical stuff. But I dont care if it ever buttons to gather or not because I. would keep it opened up any way so as to leave the vest and shirt show threw because thats the way they look pretty only I wisht Florrie was here to fix the shirt up for me because they made a miss take and put button holes on the both sides of the boozem insted of buttons on 1 side and button holes to button the buttons on to on the other side and I half to keep the shirt buttoned up with them little black wooden tax that you get from the landry. I got a nice black 4 in hand ty to go with the sute and Callahan seen me comeing out of my birth room last night with my yellow shoes on and told me they dident go good with the rest of it and to go back and put on my slipers so I had to open up my uneform role and get them out. I was a pitcher Al when I was all fixed up and I dont mean no braging but a mans got to be put up right to look good in 1 of these here evening dress sutes and not no little scrimp or sod off or no big long string like this here weilman that pitchs for <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">St.</abbr> Louis and he should ought to be driveing a hack the lucky left handed stiff.</p>
					<p>I got the cloths roled up in my uneform role that is the pants and vest and cote on acct of Mcgraw teling me to not leave them hanging up in my birth room or 1 of the waiters might come in and see them and think they was hisn. And all so he says they might may be skrink if they was left out where the damp air could hit them and the next time I got them on I might may be half to leather my self up and shave them off of me with a razor. Hes a grate joker Al and all OK when you know him and he is tickeled to deth a bout me going to pitch for his club on this trip insted of the White Sox but I guess the fellows thats got to hit against me aint what you could call them tickeled hey Al. Its may be a good thing Callahans got a picked up team with sam Crawford and Speaker and Evans and some of them outsiders on it because I would feel like a murder pitching against the reglar White Sox bunch because if they was in base ball on acct of there hitting they would be driveing a dray or some thing.</p>
					<footer role="presentation">
						<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">Your old pal.</span><br/>
						<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
					</footer>
				</blockquote>
				<blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
					<header role="presentation">
						<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">on the Ship bord. <abbr>Nov.</abbr> 26.</p>
					</header>
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Friend Al</b>: Well Al I promused I would write some thing to you evry day and here I have not wrote nothing yest. or the day before and it was because my stumick went back on me again Al and evry little wile I think its going to be all OK and then it gos back on me again. But I ett a big supper tonight and still got it with me so I guess Im all OK again but I wisht I could find out what was it that posoned me in Seattle and where I got it at and I bet I would sew the mare of the town for liable on acct of the dammige to my stumick and a place like that should not ought to be aloud to run.</p>
					<p>the Ocean waters been ruff again and dutch Schaefer was teling me that the Ocean was named the Pacific ocean on acct of it being peace full and not ruff because thats what pacific means peace full and not ruff and Schaefer says the man that named it must of been sarcasticle and not ment what he said when he named it pacific and if the man that named it pacific was nameing the White Sox he would name them the deman slugers and if he was nameing N.Y. city he would call it the sumitery and if he was nameing the <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">St.</abbr> Louis browns he would name them the worlds champions and then Schaefer says If that man was nameing me insted of calling me herman Schaefer he would be sarcasticle and name me rotten hitter and then I says what do you suppose would he call me and Schaefer says he would half to call you a ball player. so you see Al he knows I can field my position and hit that old pill besides how I can pitch.</p>
					<p>Well Al Im going to tell you some thing now and I bet you wont beleive it Al but its true and I just found out a bout it wile I was writeing this letter and wile I was writeing it some body raped on the door of my birth room and I says come in and Steve Evans come in and says what are you doing writeing a letter and I says yes and he says o I thot you was laying bricks and I says what would I be laying bricks out here in the middle of the Ocean and he says who you writeing to your wife and I told him no I was writeing to a pal of mine and he says do you mind showing me the way you got your letter date it and I says no and he looked at the top of this letter and seen where I had it date it <abbr>Nov.</abbr> 26 and he says your wrong and I says why and he says because this is the 27 and I says wasent yest. the 25 and he says yes but todays the 27 because we run acrost the line in the Ocean today at 520 a clock tonight where they drop out a hole day and I thot at 1st he was kiding but he was in ernest all right and thats what I was going to tell you a bout Al. You see they aint no <abbr>Nov.</abbr> 26 where wear at because they drop the hole day out and this is the 27 where wear at and the 26 in Chi and Bedford and the reason they drop it out here is on acct of us crossing acrost the line in the Ocean that they call the date line see Al. So Evans says you better change the date on your letter or you will get all mixed up and I says no because if I changed it I would get worst mixed up then if I dident change it and Evans says all right sute yourself but some day next summer you will be in there pitching against the Detroit club and it will be Russells turn to pitch the next day and Cobb will be a hole day a head of you and he will think its Russell pitching insted of you pitching and probily hit 1 out of the park. I says Cobb or no body else cant hit 1 out of the park off of me when Im right and Evans says no I don’t supose they can but this is 1 time you wont be right because youll be wrong if you dont take my add vise and change the date so then he went out and I was going to change the date but then I hapened to think I better not because if I changed the date and Florrie kept on useing the regular dates I might say I was comeing home on the 10 of March and it would be the 9 or 11 of march on her calendar and she might be out some wheres and not in when I come home and out to the nichol show or some wheres and besides we would all ways be argueing a bout when was little Als berth day and so 4th and we got enough to quarl about with out no more to quarl a bout. So Im going to keep on with the reglar dates like as if I dident know nothing a bout what I been teling you but theys still an other thing yet that Evans says and that is that Florrie will get lone summer for me then Ill get for her because on acct of us looseing a day and her not looseing a day I wont be a way from her as long is shes a way from me and an other thing he says was that my dress shirt and coller that I ware a long with my dress sute should ought to be glad to have the day droped out so as they could have a hollow day. Evans and Schaefers all ways puling funny stuff Al and you cant hardily help from laughing all the wile there talking to you.</p>
					<p>Well Al tommorows thanks giveing weather its the 27.or the 28 and wear going to have a big time on the ship bord and the capt of the ships going to give a banquit and our hole partys invited and wear going to pull off some grate stuff. Schaefers been lerning us to sing a song he got up and its a dutch song and some of the boys is going to make speechs and sing solos by them self and what do you think Im going to do Al and I bet youll be supprised when I tell you. Schaefer come up to me and says I got you down for a stunt on the program for the banquit and I says what can I do and Schaefer says Well we was all trying to think and they wasent no body could think of nothing you could do and they was going to leave you off of the program but I says they must be some thing you could do or else the lord wouldent let you live and it must be some thing that dont take no thinking. So I says well what do you want I should do and Schaefer says well you can write some poultry and speak it. And I says what a bout and he says a bout the trip a round the world that wear makeing so I says I would try and now I will quit writeing this letter and try and fix up some poultry and I will half to get up and speak it in front of the hole crowd includeing the wommen because theys a bout 14 of the party got there wife a long. some stunt hey Al but if I did not have all the nerve in the world I would not be where Im at. I got to quit for now and fix up some peace to spring on them.</p>
					<footer role="presentation">
						<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">Your pal.</span><br/>
						<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
					</footer>
				</blockquote>
				<blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
					<header role="presentation">
						<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">on the Ship bord. <abbr>Nov.</abbr> 27.</p>
					</header>
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Old Pal</b>: Well Al we was up so late on acct of the banquit that I wasent going to write you no letter tonight and I got my cloths off and went to bed but I got up again and Im writeing this letter with a swetter on over the out side of my night gown and I dont know why is it but latly I cant sleep good and besides that as soon is I get to bed Im trouble with insomia. we had some time at the banquit Al and several of the boys told storys and sung songs and Schaefer and the boys sung the song that Schaefer got up and the name of its the garden house and its mostily in dutch and Callahan told some irish storys and Evans told some storys and then they finely called on me and Schaefer interduced me and he says I take plesure in interduceing the long fellow of the party and he ment me tho I aint quiet as tall is jim Thorp the indian thats a long with us but Im build pretter then he. And Schaefer says I would resite a reginald peace of poultry that Id wrote my self so evry body claped there hand and I had to get up and I was a little nervus on acct of the wommen in the party but I seen they was all waiting I should beggin so I cut lose and I will copy down the peace I wrote Al so as you can see what I sprang on them:</p>
					<blockquote epub:type="z3998:poem">
						<p>
							<span>It was in the year 1913</span>
							<br/>
							<span>when the boys says good by to there girl</span>
							<br/>
							<span>And got on the bord of the Umpires of japan</span>
							<br/>
							<span>For to make the trip a round the world.</span>
						</p>
						<p>
							<span>The Chicago White Sox and the N.Y. giants</span>
							<br/>
							<span>was the teams makeing the trip.</span>
							<br/>
							<span>and the White Sox did not have there own team</span>
							<br/>
							<span>But some boys from other clubs that can hit.</span>
						</p>
						<p>
							<span>and the N.Y. giants nether one</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Had there own team a long on the trip</span>
							<br/>
							<span>But some boys from</span>
							<br/>
							<span>out side who can hit.</span>
						</p>
						<p>
							<span>And the Ocean water was ruff</span>
							<br/>
							<span>the 1st few days on the trip</span>
							<br/>
							<span>And some of the boys was to sick</span>
							<br/>
							<span>To in joy the trip.</span>
						</p>
						<p>
							<span>but finely the Ocean water got less ruffer</span>
							<br/>
							<span>and then evry body shout hurrah</span>
							<br/>
							<span>and they come out on the porch of the Umpires of Japan</span>
							<br/>
							<span>To talk with Comiskey and Callahan and Mcgraw.</span>
						</p>
						<p>
							<span>And now there giveing us a banquit</span>
							<br/>
							<span>To the boys a long on the trip</span>
							<br/>
							<span>And I will resite this little peace</span>
							<br/>
							<span>that I wrote a bout the trip.</span>
						</p>
						<p>
							<span>so heres to Comiskey and Callahan and Mcgraw</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Who are takeing us a long on the trip</span>
							<br/>
							<span>they May win the penant next summer</span>
							<br/>
							<span>And fight fer the worlds champion ship.</span>
						</p>
						<p>
							<span>Im going to pitch for the N.Y. giants</span>
							<br/>
							<span>because Mcgraw was short.</span>
							<br/>
							<span>But when the season opens next April</span>
							<br/>
							<span>I will be in there wareing the White Sox</span>
							<br/>
							<span>And giveing Callahan the best I got.</span>
						</p>
					</blockquote>
					<p>Well Al you should ought to of herd them cheer when I got threw and set down and I wisht Florrie could of been here and herd it and I will keep a coppy of the peace and say it for her when I get home or may be by that time I will have it lerned by heart with out no coppy. But Schaefer says I got to write an other peace for the next banquit they have and it looks like I would be busy now they know I can tare off them pones and I dident know it my self till I tride it just like I never knowed I could throw a slow ball till I tride it on Cobb and he looked like a sucker.</p>
					<p>Well old pal I must try and get some sleep and last night I just layed there all night wondring how is Florrie and little Al geting a long and it kind a chokes me up Al thinking a bout not seen them til a long in march some time and if it wasent for the good time Im haveing I would wish I had of stayed home.</p>
					<footer role="presentation">
						<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">Your old pal.</span><br/>
						<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
					</footer>
				</blockquote>
				<blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
					<header role="presentation">
						<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">on the Ship bord. <abbr>Dec.</abbr> 1.</p>
					</header>
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Friend Al</b>: Well old pal when I tell you whats come off you wont make no holler a bout me not writeing to you for 3 or 4 days and they was severel times when we was all pretty near finnished and I thot we was gone and Florrie and little Al would be a widdow and you wouldent have no old pal to write and tell you what come off and I did not know the hole story til today and all as I knowed was that we was with in a ace of geting recked and besides that the poson I got in Seattle come back on me but I dident know a bout us geting atacked til today.</p>
					<p>the Day after thanks giveing the Ocean water got ruff again and they was a snow storm and evry kind of an other storm and the water was so deep that the front and back porchs was both of them under the water and the capt him self thot it was all off with us and hung up the water tight doors all over the porch but they must of had some knot holes in them this time because the water come right threw them and the wind was blowing between 11 and 12 and Evans says it dont hardily never blow after ½ past 10 and we had to go faster on acct the back end of the ship was falling Aft in the trought of the Ocean water so you can see we was in awfull shape and I only come out of my birth room onct in 3 days and could not eat nothing and. besides what was the use of filing your self up full of food when it looked like we was going to get sank and the heaver a man is he will sink that much sooner. But finely the storm let up and we was all OK and I got to feeling all OK and I got my cloths on yest. and come out and then was when I herd a bout us geting atacked. if it hadent of been for steve Evans Al it would of been all off and worst then if we had of just got drownded and I dont know where he lerned all he knows a bout fish and how to scare them but its a good thing he knowed what to do when this come off because even the capt of the Ship was scarred and did not know what to do. I guess you know the pacific Oceans full of grate big fish and sharks and 1 shark a lone is biger then all the blue gills or bass in the world put to gather and 1 shark by there self cant do nothing to you unlest your swiming in the water and they get after you but they cant do nothing to you when your on the Ship bord unlest theys a hole lot of them to gather and the night before last night the capt of the Ship seen a School of Sharks comeing at the boat and when theys a lot of them to gather they dont get scarred but there vissus and mean and come right at a Ship and run in to it and knock it over and they couldent do it if the Ocean water wasent ruff but when the Ships all ready typing on acct of the storm it aint no trick to push it over. well the capt seen them comeing and he called all the crews and says what should they do a bout it and 1 of the crews says he had a pistle in his grip and would shoot at them so he went and got his pistle and shot all the bullits they was in it at the School of Sharks and they did not pay no a tension and kept comeing and the capt beggin to holler and some of the ball players herd him and come runing out and they dident know what to do and finely dutch Schaefer says steve Evans would probily know what to do so some body went and called Evans out of bed and he come out there and seen what was comeing off and says to the capt have you got a bell on the Ship and the capt says yes certunly because they ring a bell to tell the time instead of a clock so Evans told him to go get the bell and the capt did not know what for but he got the bell and Evans held it over the side of the boat where the sharks was comeing and beggin ringing it and sure enough the sharks quit comeing at the boat and turned a round and went back where ever they come from. The boys is talking a bout buying a little present for Evans when we get to japan because of him geting us out of danger and I will go in on it Al if they ask me because look where we would of been at but for him knowing that trick a bout scarring the sharks and I says to him when he got threw teling me the story Where did you lern that trick and he says he all ways knowed it ever since he was a kid that it was the way to get rid of a School of Sharks but you could not get rid of 1 shark that way but only a School of Sharks so I says why and he says the minut a School of Sharks hears that bell they think recess is over. So you see Al how lucky we was to have him a long and even the capt of the Ship dident know the trick.</p>
					<p>so when you see what we been going threw I guess you wont find no falt a bout me not writeing for a few days. This was a pretty fare day and some of the boys was out on the porch skiping the rope and exerciseing but I was not feeling good and did not do nothing but set a round and wear do in Yokohama in less then a wk. now and I will be tickeled to deth when we get there and no more danger only Larry Doyle the capt of the N.Y. giants says we wont never be safe as long is Klem the umpire is a long and I says why not and he says because Klem will say wear out weather wear safe or not so you see Al the Nat. league umpires is just as bad is our league. There all rotten.</p>
					<footer role="presentation">
						<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">Your old pal.</span><br/>
						<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
					</footer>
				</blockquote>
				<blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
					<header role="presentation">
						<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">on the Ship bord. <abbr>Dec.</abbr> 2.</p>
					</header>
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Friend Al</b>: well Old pal may be I wont be on this trip much longer and may be I will see you yet before the winters over and it all deppends on if I get a letter or not in Yokohama or that is if theys a letter waiting there for me when we get there or not but even if I was to give up the trip and come on home I probily wouldent see you because the reason Im may be comeing home is because ether Florrie or little Als sick and I would half to stay in Chicago and take care of them and could not drop down to Bedford unlest they got all OK again and I could bring them a long with me.</p>
					<p>I and dutch Schaefer had breakfast to gather this a m and he was reading some thing and I ast him what was he reading and he says he just got a telegram from Chicago where he lives at in the winter and the telegram was from some of the boys just to tell him that evry thing was OK and I says I wisht Id get a telegram from my famly and find out how was they geting a long and Schaefer says did I mean to tell him I had not herd nothing since I left the US and I says thats right I had not herd nothing and he says why all the rest of the boys on the Ship bords had telegrams and letters from there wife or there friends and then he says I should think you be worred a bout them not hearing nothing and I says Well I havent herd nothing and I am worred and I says how could I get a letter from them. out here in the middle of the Ocean and Schaefer says. No of coarse you could not get no letter unlest your wife maled it special the Livery and she probily dont know nothing a bout that but I should think she would of wired you a telegram. I says I bet ether her or the kid is sick and I wisht I could go home and Schaefer says why dont you wire them a telegram and find out how there geting a long and I thot for a minut I would Al and I ast Schaefer how much would a telegram cost from here where wear at and he says Only à bout $24.00 dollars. Hows that for, robbers Al but I wouldent stop at no amt. of money if I thot I could find out how Florrie and little Al are geting a long only it would be foolish to send them a telegram and wear so clost to japan now where I can male them a post card and besides Schaefer says theys sure to be some male waiting for us at japan or Yokohama and I says I guess I would wait till we get there. Then Schaefer says Yes but if you dont get no male there you better jump us and go home and I says I wouldent want to go right back acrost the Ocean and go threw all that again right a way with out no rest and he says Why dont you go the other way a round by the R.R. and I did not know they was an other way to get back accept the way we come but Schaefer says Sure theys the over the land rout to go back on and it dont only take a little over a wk. to go that way. And you go threw russia and Jeruslum and Cuba and Pru and a round threw canada and catch the N.Y. central at Niagera falls and theys extra excurson fair now on acct of the elks convension and thats what Im going to do Al come home by the R.R. if they aint no letter for me at Yokohama and Comiskey and Callahan will see how it is and wont be sore at me but Marin anthie supose they should get sore whats the diffrunts and Im not going to fool around on no world trip when little Al and Florrie needs me and how would I feel if I was fooling a round here and some thing happened and they must be some thing wrong or I would of got a telegram but I will wait and see is they any male for me at Yokohama.</p>
					<p>So I says to Schaefer I would probily leave the trip at Yokohama and he says I would to if I was you only you better wait til wear in china because thats where the landrys are at and you can give that dress sute shirt of yours a treat and I says may be there might be a landry in Yokohama and he says Yes may be they might be 1 but just 1 wouldent do that shirt no good. But Im not going to miss no train for no shirt Al and if I can start home the same day we get to Yokohama I wont wait a round for no landry and besides a man dont half to put on no full dress sute evry time you eat supper on the train. Well Al if I dont get no male from home you can figure Im comeing home and I will write to you from Chicago or may be if Florrie and little Al aint to sick you can come up and pay us a vissit. They been takeing moveing pitchers of the whole party out on the porch today and its been a grate day and I was in all the pitchers and its grate weather and evry thing would be fine if it wasent for Florrie and little Al being sick or they would of wired me a telegram.</p>
					<footer role="presentation">
						<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">Your pal.</span><br/>
						<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
					</footer>
				</blockquote>
				<blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
					<header role="presentation">
						<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">on the Ship bord. <abbr>Dec.</abbr> 4.</p>
					</header>
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Al</b>: Well Al we will be safe in Yokohama the day after tommorow and theys only a bout 35 hrs. more we got to stay on the Ship and I cant hardily wait til we get to Yokohama and see weather theys any male for me from Florrie and little Al and if Im comeing strate home or stay on the trip.</p>
					<p>I have not told ether Callahan or Comiskey yet a bout me probily going home from Yokohama but I will half to spring it on them as soon is we land on acct I got to get some money off of them to pay for my fair on the train and Schaefer says he hasent got no idear how much will it be but the reglar fair is a bout $32.00 and probily on acct of the rates it will be some wheres between $16.00 and $48.00. what ever it is I guess they will give it to me and if they dont I can borry it off of Mcgraw but I guess Comiskey and Callahan will give it to me because they wouldent dast not give it to me or I would jump to the federal.</p>
					<p>Well Al I had the old uneform on for a wile today and tride my arm out a little only of coarse I dident cut lose because why should I ware my arm out geting in shape in <abbr>Dec.</abbr> when Im probily going to quit the trip. joe Benz and bunny Hern and geo. Wiltse put on there sutes to and besides we pitchers they was dutch Schaefer and Speaker and sam Crawford and Buck Weaver and all as we did was toss the ball around a little and when steve Evans seen me come out in my uneform he says Why dont you ware that to supper and I says Why and he says because it looks like it was prest onct. I and Schaefer throwed back and 4th to each other for a wile and he says why dont you cut lose and I says you know why because may be Im not going to do no pitching on this trip and besides I says if I cut lose at you and you with out nothing but a finger glove I would burn your hand right off of you. He says I bet you wouldent and I says I bet I would and he says I bet you can throw a ball at me just as hard is you can throw it and it wont hurt my hand and I says What will you bet and he says $1.00 so I says all right your on and he says all right so I wound up and give him my fast 1 and he ducked out of the way of it and the ball went clear over the bord in to the Ocean and then he says pay me and I says I will not and he says why not it dident hurt my hand did it and I says No because you wasent game and ducked out of the way and what do you think of him Al trying to beat me out of $1.00 and if he is to cheap to pay his bet he can keep the money and well come but I win it fare and sqare and he knowed the ball would hurt his hand or he would not of ducked.</p>
					<p>But that was the only time I cut lose on acct of I did not want to throw my arm out because whats the use and after a wile I went back in my birth room and got drest for dinner or lunch they call it on the Ship bord and I went in and had my dinner and then I come out doors again and Steve Evans was standing there yet and I says why dont you go in and have your dinner and he says I was waiting to find out what have they got on the bill a fair and see if theys any thing I like and I says how can you tell if you dont go in and he says I was waiting for you to come out so as I could look at your vest. Hes a funny fellow Al and springing stuff like that all the wile. Well Al I will write you 1 more letter on the Ship tommorow and then we will be in Yokohama the next day and if I find out Im going to stay on the trip I will male you all the letters Ive wrote at onct.</p>
					<footer role="presentation">
						<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">Your Old Pal.</span><br/>
						<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
					</footer>
				</blockquote>
				<blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
					<header role="presentation">
						<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">on the Ship bord. <abbr>Dec.</abbr> 5.</p>
					</header>
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Friend Al</b>: Well Al just a note because wear all busy geting ready to land tommorow and packing up our stuff and its all exitemunt and evry bodys tickeled to deth about us being pretty near threw this part of the trip and may be they wont be no more trip for me accept the trip home on the R.R. because Im postive Florrie and little Als sick the both of them or I would of had a telegram or sevrel telegrams like the rest of the boys been geting from there famly.</p>
					<p>Steve Evans come in to my rm. wile I was packing up and ast me if I had fixed up the employs of the Ship and I says what do you mean and he says you got to give evry body on the Ship bord a tip before you get off. What do you think of that for a robbers game Al. I says I will give a tip to the waiter that waited on the table where I ett at but he aint got a hole lot comeing to him because look how many times I did not eat nothing on acct of geting posoned at Seattle. But Evans says That dont make no diffrunts you got to give him a big tip and evry body else a tip and you got to give a tip to Stewart and the capt and the H. waiter and the valley that prest your dress sute so good evry day and I says I dont half to give the valley a nichol because he did not never come a round to press my sute and Evans says how did you keep it looking so nice then and I says it was on acct of it being a bran new sute and Evans says I thot it was ether that or else you slept in it, but any way you got to give the valley and all them other men a tip and I seen he ment it so I ast him how much and he says a bout a ¼ a peace for the valley and the H. waiter and my reglar waiter and Stewart thats the name of 1 of the head oficers and a dime for the capt. So its going to cost me a $1.10 for tips a lone and no wonder the crews on these here Ships wares such swell uneforms when they got a graft like that and you can see how it will amt. up if all the rest of our party comes acrost with $1.10 only of coarse theys some cheap stiffs in the party that will probily give them all a dime a peace and a nichol or may be 0 for the capt. Well if I got to do it I got to do it and I bet I do my traveling on trains after this where you dont half to give tips to the conductor and the brake man and the men that feels of the wheels to see is they a hot box.</p>
					<p>But Steve Evans knows whats the right dope and I just found out hes been on a hole lot of trips in the Ocean and all over and one winter he saled clear up to the N. pole on a yat with a <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Dr.</abbr> name Cook and thats where he lerned a bout scarring Sharks. And today he was teling me how to talk japan so as I could talk with the japans when we get there only of coarse he only told me a few words just so as I can talk to them because they will probily want to know how my arm feels and how I made the cubs look like a sucker. Heres some of the words he lerned me Al and you can practice them up and spring them on Bertha and you will have her wondring where did you lern to talk japan. I cant spell them very good but you can figure them out OK When you want to say you feel fine you say seem lick and when you want to say fast ball you say Zipp and when you want to say curve ball you say Hookem and when you want to pay them a complimunt and say how are all the japans you say Meeno likee Jap in knees. And thats all I can remmember Al and I will just stall a long with them but steve Evans can talk it just as good is I and you can talk plane englich.</p>
					<p>And now I got to finnish up packing and try and get some sleep because we get to the Doc at Yokohama the 1st thing in the morning.</p>
					<footer role="presentation">
						<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">Your old pal.</span><br/>
						<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
					</footer>
				</blockquote>
				<blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
					<header role="presentation">
						<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">Yokohama, <abbr>Dec.</abbr> 6.</p>
					</header>
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Friend Al</b>: Well old Pal Im not comeing strate home from here like I thot I was and I will write you this letter and then rap all the letters up that Ive wrote and send them to you in 1 packige and it will probily cost me a peace of money for the stamps but you can have a hole lot of fun reading them to the boys and Bertha and it will be like as if they was all a long on the trip to hear me tell a bout it. I all ready spent a good eel of money today on acct of giveing all the crews on the Ship a tip but it was worth the money to see them. smile when I give it to them and they was all tickeled to deth and the capt was so tickeled when I give him the dime that he says he would all ways hold on to it to remmember me by so I thot I might as well make it a good 1 and I give him an extra dime 1 to spend and 1 to hold on to to remmember me by. Well Al I didn’t get no word from Florrie and little Al but I know theys nothing the matter with them because Callahan found out a bout it for me and thats why Im going to make the rest of the trip and besides Mcgraw says he will leave me go in against them White Sox again in a day or 2 and I will give them the showing up of there life the lucky stiffs and if it had of been the reglar White Sox club I worked against and not no ringers from the other clubs I would of shut them out probily with out a hit. And an other thing that I spent some money on was post cards for Florrie and I sent her a ½ dollars worth of them only they dont call it no ½ dollar over here but a yen and I get all my money changed in to japan money and now I got 5 yens and a 100 sens in my pockit.</p>
					<p>Well Al we come in to the harber at 7 a clock this <abbr>a.m.</abbr> and we seen what Evans says was the secret <abbr>Mt.</abbr> of japan and the name of it is pajamas and we stalled a round a wile in the harber and then some japan <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Drs.</abbr> clumb up on the Ship bord and says we all had to be exammoned and Evans says it was because they wouldent leave us play against none of the japan clubs unlest we was all in grand shape so when the <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Dr.</abbr> come up to me I says Well <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Dr.</abbr> I guess you can see Im in grand shape just looking at me and I seen he dident under stand what I was talking a bout so I says seem lick to him in japan and he smiled and says some thing back in japan and Evans told me what was it he says and it was Your a fine looking goof and goof means athalete. Well all the boys past by the examon nation and I started to take my bagige off of the Ship and Callahan seen me with it and says Dont take your bagige because wear going to live on this Ship an other week yet and all as you want is your uneform role and then I had to tell him a bout may be I was going home on the train and he says What train and I says the train that runs on the over the land rout and he says who was giveing you that dope and I told him Schaefer was teling me a bout it and he says Well Schaefer dont know nothing because they quit runing them trains a mo. a go on acct of the atlanta Ocean geting flood it. He says If you want to go home you will half to go back the same way you come and your libel to run in to worst storms then you seen comeing this way. Well I says If I cant go on the train I aint crazy a bout going but train or no train I got to get home on acct of my wife and baby is sick and he says Who says they was and I says I have not herd nothing from them since I left and he says How could you hear from them and I says a telegram and Callahan says it would not of been possable for me to get no telegram on the Ship bord because they was no wires running out in the Ocean so then I says Well if theys no male here for me I will know there sick and he says How could they be male for you when your wife dident know you was going til you come and if she had of maled a letter that same night it couldent of got here til a wk. after we got here so I says well Im sure there both sick and if I cant find out nothing a bout it Im going home and find out a bout it and then Callahan says he was going to call up Chicago and he would find out for me so what could I do Al but leave my bagige on the Ship bord and then we got off on the Doc and road up to the grand Hotel and then I went out and got the post cards to send to Florrie and then we all: went up to the Councils place and hes a american and evry body shook hands with. him and then we ett our dinner and went out to the Tokio collige ball park and they was a big crowd of japans to see us play and I wisht you could of herd them cheer when I went in to pitch. But if the game had of counted I wouldent never of went in there because I could tell the minut I beggin warming up that they was some thing the matter with the old super and you see I hadent warmed up or done nothing with it on the ship all them days and I wasent in no shape to work. At that if it had of been the reglar White Sox I was pitching against them I would of made them look like a sucker but Speaker and Crawford and Evans and them ringers was on the club and I could not fool them with my arm in the shape like it was and besides I hadent never worked with the N.Y. giants before and they wasent use to the sines I give when Im in there pitching so they dident. move a round and cover the ground where I wanted them to and sevrel balls went for base hits that would of been ett up if the boys had played right for them. The White Sox beat us 9 to 4 or some thing and the score should ought to of been a bout 3 to 1 or 4 to 1 in our favor if they hadent of had all the luck in the world.</p>
					<p>Well Al some of the boys wanted me to stick a round in Tokio with them after the game but my arm was so sore I couldent hardily stand it so I come back to the Hotel here and now Im writeing this letter and when I get threw with it I guess I better call a <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Dr.</abbr> in to look at my arm. I come back from the ball grounds with Mcgraw and Callahan and Callahan says to Mcgraw Well may be youll have better luck with your own pitchers and Mcgraw says O no the boy here was all right today only we dident do nothing to help him so you see Al hes a real mgr and not no joke so no wonder he wins all them penants and if he had a man like I to deppend on he could do some thing in the world serious to. Well Callahan says You pretty near lost Jack this <abbr>a.m.</abbr> and Mcgraw ast how that was and Callahan told him a bout me worring a bout my famly and how I would of tooken the R.R. home if they hadent of stoped runing the trains and Mcgraw says Well Im glad we dident loose him because he will make you fellows look like a rummy when he gos in there feeling right. So Callahan says Thats what Im afrade of and I got a nosion to not find out a bout his famly when I call up Chicago because he says he wont stay on the trip unlest he finds out his famly is OK So Mcgraw says Well if you dont find out I will. So Callahan promused again that he would find out and hes going to call up Chicago right after supper and then I will find out and I would talk to Florrie my self only Callahan aint going to call up my house but is going to call up the girl at Centrel and get her to call up a bout evry bodys famly that aint a long on the trip and then tell him whats the news. And theys going to be a banquit here tonight and Schaefer says I got to get up an other of them pones of mine and speak it so you see Al I better get busy and fix up some thing and tomorrow we go on the Umpires of japan to Kobe and may be Mcgraw will leave me in there again tommorow because my arm feels OK now. Well Al I got to get busy and fix up that pone and I guess this is some letter Im sending you and when you open it and see it I bet youll think I sent you the Bibble for xmas or some thing. best to your self and Bertha and all my old pals.</p>
					<footer role="presentation">
						<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">Your old Pal.</span><br/>
						<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
						<div epub:type="z3998:postscript">
							<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">P.S.</abbr> Some body must of been kiding dutch Schaefer a bout them telegrams because how could he or any body else get a telegram in the middle of the Ocean where they aint no wires and where would they get poles long enough to reach from the top of the Ocean to the bottom and I supose probily theyd half to hire a fish to dig the holes for the poles hey Al.</p>
							<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">P.S.</abbr> Callahan just got threw telephoning and come up to tell me a bout it. The girl at Centrel called up the flat where Allen. and Marie and Florrie and little Al is stoping at and Florries feeling fine and little Als OK and Florrie says dont hurry home and wile Florrie was talking with the girl at Centrel she told little Al it was a messige from daddy and little Al says Daddy right out. Hows that Al and only 6 mos. old.</p>
						</div>
					</footer>
				</blockquote>
			</section>
			<section id="the-busher-abroad-2" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<h3 epub:type="title">II</h3>
				<blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
					<header role="presentation">
						<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">on the Ship bord. <abbr>Dec.</abbr> 8.</p>
					</header>
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Friend Al</b>: Well old Pal wear threw with japan and now wear on our way to china and we just left kobe a bout 2 hrs. a go and I been laying down takeing a rest for a bout 1 hr. and ½ because I dident get no sleep last night. the 2 ball clubs and the reporters thats a long with us stuck in Yokohama and tokio yest. and played a couple games out to the collige wile the rest of the party come over to Kobe on the Ship bord and I wisht Mcgraw and Callahan had of left me come with the rest of the party and then I would of got a nights rest but insted of that I had to stick a round with the ball players tho I just pitched only the day before yest. and all as I did yest. was watch them play and hit a few fungos and then we had to take the train from tokio to Kobe last night and thats why I dident get no rest because the births on this here japan train wasent never build for no big stropping man like I but was build for little scrimps like Bush of the Detroit club or may be some dorf out of a Muzeem. They was a bout 5 <abbr>ft.</abbr>. in lenth and may be 1 <abbr>ft.</abbr>. in breath and I tride to lay in 1 of them and got all cramped up and steve Evans come a long by my birth and says what was the matter and I says I guess Id half to cut my legs off a bout the knees to lay in this here birth and he says You better cut off some thing you dont use. Cut off your head. I guess he ment how could I stand in the box and pitch or run a round the bases when I got a hold of 1 if I dident have no legs. well I give up trying to sleep and got up and set up all night and onct in a wile I took a little nap seting up but a man dont get no real rest when you set up. And all as it took us to get from tokio to Kobe was 14 hrs. and its a bout as far like it is from Chicago to Detroit. Well Al Im glad we dont have these here japan R.R. in the american League or we would be ½ the season going from Boston to st. Louis.</p>
					<p>well we finely got to Kobe but 1st. I want to tell you a bout the banquit the night before last night and a bout the games yest. The banquit was gave by americans that live in Yokohama the poor suckers and evry body made speeches and finely I was ast to get up and resite my pone only Id wrote it in such a hurry that they wasent no lenth to it but pretty good at that and I will coppy it off:</p>
					<blockquote epub:type="z3998:poem">
						<p>
							<span>The White Sox and the N.Y. giants</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Are going a round the world.</span>
							<br/>
							<span>play games in the diffrunt countrys</span>
							<br/>
							<span>All a round the world.</span>
						</p>
						<p>
							<span>We played a game this <abbr class="eoc">p.m.</abbr></span>
							<br/>
							<span>And I pitched for the N.Y. team</span>
							<br/>
							<span>but the luck of the base ball game</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Broke against me it seems.</span>
						</p>
						<p>
							<span>I went in there with a sore arm</span>
							<br/>
							<span>And couldent raze it a bove my head.</span>
							<br/>
							<span>But Mcgraw ast I should pitch.</span>
							<br/>
							<span>what more could be said.</span>
						</p>
						<p>
							<span>Next time I face against the White Sox</span>
							<br/>
							<span>I hope I will be in form</span>
							<br/>
							<span>And then we will see what hapens</span>
							<br/>
							<span>When theys 0 the matter with my arm.</span>
						</p>
						<p>
							<span>But now we all want to say</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Your well come to us is grate</span>
							<br/>
							<span>and we will tell the boys how kind you were</span>
							<br/>
							<span>In the United States.</span>
						</p>
					</blockquote>
					<p>Well Al it brot down the Hotel where the banquit was at and it looked for a minut like Id half to get up and say it over but they seen I was all tired out from working 9 inn. with my arm in such shape like that so they left me set down. we got to bed late and it certunly felt fine sleeping in a bed on the dry ground and not no Ocean water under you and sharks atacking the Ship. I over slept my self and wasent up yest. <abbr>a.m.</abbr> when the rest of the party left on the Ship bord for Kobe and I had to hussle to get drest in time to go out to the collige and in the <abbr>a.m.</abbr> Callahan and Mcgraw picked a team out from all the ball players and played against the japan collige team and they played ball just a bout like all the collige teams I ever seen and I was glad I wasent in there pitching against them or I would of felt like a murder. our club beat them 16 to 3 and it could of been 100 and then we ett our lunch at the collige and in the <abbr>p.m.</abbr> the White Sox give the giants an other triming and the score was 12 to 9 and if I couldent win a game with 9 runs behind me I would quite pitching and shin shoes or some thing. But some of these here pitchers havent got nothing but there name and a dress and Hern that pitched for the N.Y. giants says he had a sore arm but where would he get a sore arm when he hadent did nothing for 2 wks. accept sale acrost the Ocean. I guess probily a fish bit his arm hey Al. Some of these here would be a pitchers all ways have a alley buy when they loose a ball game and when they loose a ball game it aint never there falt but its some body else falt or they got a sore arm or a pane in there stumick or some thing.</p>
					<p>but I wisht you could of been out there and seen the way the peopl act it and they wasent no seats for them in the bleachers but they set down on mats with there legs under them like a taylor or some thing and they dident holler like a reglar crowd and I guess may be they was dissapointed on acct of me not pitching and the peopl that wasent out there the day before when I pitched was sore but at that I shouldent never ought to of went in there the way my arm was. Well after the game we road a round and seen the sites and had supper and then we catched the train for Kobe like I told you a bout only we could of let the train get 50 miles from the town and then ran after it and catched it.</p>
					<p>We got in Kobe at 9 a clock <abbr>a.m.</abbr> this morning and most of the boys made a monkey of them self buying Kumonnas to take home to there wife and other junk but Florries all ready got 2 Kumonnas that must be OK because she wares them all the wile so I dident buy nothing and I was glad of it after words because just before we was leaveing this <abbr>p.m.</abbr> all the ladys in the party was gave a baskit of flowers and I got 1 to and I will ship it to Florrie from china and I guess thats better then Kumonnas. The rest of the party got to Kobe a bout noon and we joined them on the Ship bord and now wear all to gather again bound tords china. we will still be on the Ship bord yet for 2 more days and I will write you an other letter tommorow and male the both of them this 1 and the 1 I write tommorow to gather.</p>
					<footer role="presentation">
						<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">Your pal.</span><br/>
						<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
					</footer>
				</blockquote>
				<blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
					<header role="presentation">
						<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">on the Ship bord. <abbr>Dec.</abbr> 10.</p>
					</header>
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Old Pal</b>: Well old Pal I dident write you no letter yest. on acct of us landing and I dident know we was going to land any wheres but we land it at a place name Naggasak or some thing in the <abbr>p.m.</abbr> and fooled a round til a bout 2 a clock this <abbr>a.m.</abbr> and I got in to my birth a bout 3 and now its pretty near noon and I just got threw with my breakfast.</p>
					<p>we stoped at this here Naggasak to buy some cole for the Ship because wear libel to run in to some cold weather at china and they say this here place we stoped at it is the fastest coleing station in the world and we stood on the porch a long wile watching them put cole on the Ship bord and they must of been a 1000000 japans men wommen and childern passing cole up the side of the Ship bord and the wommen was the mens wife and there childern and what do you think of a man that would make his wife and childern work a long with him and it would be just like as if I was to make Florrie and little Al help me only of coarse I dont need no help when Im pitching.</p>
					<p>Then they was a bunch of pedlers come on the Ship bord and tride to sell us some more junk and some of the boys fell for it but Im going to hold on to my money til theys some thing worth spending for it and not no Turtles shells like the boys was buying today and when you get them what can you do with them and they aint no more use then if I was to throw a spit ball when my fast 1 and my curve is working good. And some of the boys took a ride a round the town but I stuck here on the Ship bord and rest it. dutch Schaefer come in to my birth room last night and we laughed and joked and I rosted him a bout he not knowing that the R.R. was not runing no more from japan to the US and he took my kiding OK because I dident make it to raw. And he seen the baskit of flowers in my birth room and ast me what was I going to do with them and I says what do you supose Im going to do with them eat them and he says No I thot may be you was going leave them go to seed and then plow your shirt boozem up and start a garden and I says No Im not going to start no garden but Im going to male them home partial post to my wife from china and Schaefer says she will be glad to get them but you better write a note on the out side of the packige and tell the male carier to water them evry day or 2 on the way over so Schaefer raped up the flowers for me in a packige and left a hole in it so as theys a place to sqirt water on them and wrote on the out side for the male man to water them only of coarse it will be a hole lot of diffrunt male men that handles them before they get to Chicago and Schaefer wrote the note in china japan and englich so as they would all under stand it and may be they wont have time to put no water on them but if they dont Florrie wont care when she gets them because she will see Im thinking a bout her water or no water.</p>
					<p>Well Al it looks like I would starve wile wear in china because I wont be able to eat none of there meat because Schaefer says all as they have is chop suye and over here in china they put rats in it and I says Well you wont get me to eat no chop suye with rats in it and Schaefer says Well then you will starve to deth because thats all you will get in the line of meat and did you ever taste rats and I says No and I wont never taste them nether and Schaefer says you dont know what your mising because when a rats been plucked and the rat poson tooken out of there cistern they aint no sweeter meat you can get a hold of accept may be mole stake. But I dont care weather its sweet or saur you wont catch me eating no rat meat and may be seting up my stumick again.</p>
					<p>Schaefer and Evans has been lerning me a few words in china and there harder to lern then the japan words and hapened to be a lone by my self a way from the rest of the I only lerned a few just enough to get a long with if I party. When you want to say Wheres the Hotel you say Lie Hung Schang only of coarse that aint the fellow that catchs for the Athaletics and if a man pitched right to him he wouldent hit 1 out of the infield. And when you want to say how do do to 1 of them you say Chink Chink china man and if they ast me what position do I play I say Me velly bushy and that means Im a pitcher and if they ast me what club am I with I say Chi White sockee Tong. And when you want to say good by to them you say Go helly. Aint them crazy words Al and a man that lerns the hole languige must be a wonder only of coarse some of them dont never lern nothing else but beggins to talk china when there still babys yet but Im glad little Al wont half to lern to talk by talking china because it must be hard enough for a baby to lern plane englich when your nothing but a baby.</p>
					<p>Well Al may be I can eat a little some thing now and Im going to eat all as I can hold before we get to china where I wont be able to eat no meat and for all as I know they put some thing in there potatos to may be gravey made out of parish green or some thing.</p>
					<p>Tommorow we will be in Schang High and I will write you what comes off and I will male this here letter Im writeing now a long with the other 1 I all ready wrote from Schang High and the flowers for Florrie.</p>
					<footer role="presentation">
						<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">Your pal.</span><br/>
						<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
					</footer>
				</blockquote>
				<blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
					<header role="presentation">
						<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">on the Ship bord. <abbr>Dec.</abbr> 12.</p>
					</header>
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Al</b>: Well Al wear all threw with Schang High and now wear on our way to Honk Honk and we left Schang High last night and was only there 1 day and we get to Honk Honk the next day after tommorow and we stay there 1 day and then wear threw with china for good and I will be glad of it on acct of you cant eat nothing in china with out your takeing a chanct of geting posoned and Im glad we can have the most of our meals on the Ship bord because I wont eat none of that china dope and the rest of them can be suckers if they have a mind.</p>
					<p>Well we got in to Wooze Hung yest. <abbr>a.m.</abbr> and then we got off of the Umpires of japan and got a bord of the tender boat and road to Schang High and we got there a bout ½ past 10 in the <abbr>a.m.</abbr> and they was a comitty to meet us down to the Doc and they was members of the china amature B.B. league and Evans says to me Well you should ought to feel at home a round here and I says Why and he says because theys so many amature ball players and they took us up to the aster House Hotel and we ett our lunch there and then we was geting ready for the game but Mcgraw made the miss take and told Callahan that I was going to pitch and Callahan ast me how did my arm feel and I says it felt grate. It beggin to sprinkle a few drops and Callahan called the game off and I guess you know why Al because if I had of went in there feeling good I would of made them look like a rummy and Callahan portended like he was sorry a bout the rain but if it hadent of rained I bet he would of hired the fire dept. to go out and wet the grounds up so as we couldent play. It shows you Al that Callahan knows how lucky the White Sox was to beat me in tokio and I bet by now Callahans sore he ever lended me to Mcgraw for this trip.</p>
					<p>Well when the game was called off we went a round the town site seen and that shows you how much it was raining and if the sun had of been shineing Callahan would of said it was to hot to play or some thing but they wont be excusses for him all the wile and may be tommorow I will be able to get in there and give them a showing up and Im glad that the White Sox is not the reglar White Sox but some out siders a long with them because I would not feel like pitching my best against my own club.</p>
					<p>Yest. <abbr>p.m.</abbr> we seen the sites as I say and after words they ast us to have some lunch in the Hotel only they call it tifin and thats because there a shamed to call it lunch on acct of the stuff they give you and I was hungery as a bare but I wouldent of ett nothing if I had of been starved to deth and they dident have no meat just sand witchs and cake and that stuff and I thot may be it might be all OK but Schaefer says the sand witchs was made from out of poson ivey only it aint as posen is the kind at home and dont have no affect on some peopl but it pretty near kills other people and Schaefer says he had tride it before and it dident hurt him but it might may be hurt me a little only he did not think it would hurt me much but I wasent going to take no chance. And the cakes was frost it with leather from the china landry soap Schaefer told me. But he says it wasent nothing like the soap at home and why dident I try some and I says No thanks I dont care for no soap and he says I thot so. Then he says Why dont you talk china to some of these peopl and I says a few words to them in china and they just set there and did not say nothing with there mouth open like a fish or some thing. So when we was leaveing I says Go helly and Callahan says you better be care full or some body will stick a knife in to you talking like that way and then I told him what it ment and he had to laugh at him self because he thot I was insulting them or some thing.</p>
					<p>Well Al when we get to Honk Honk we will be threw with the Umpires of japan thats the Ship we been rideing on ever since we left the US and the capt of the Ships going to give us a fair well banquit tommorow night and he should ought to do some thing after us giveing him them tips when we got off of the boat at Yokohama and Evans says wear suposed to give the capt and the rest of the crews some more tips when we say good by to the Ship at Honk Honk but I cant do that on acct of all the money I got is japan money and if the Ship is going back to the US after it leaves us what would the crews do with yen and sen but insted of giveing them some more tips Im going to write an other of my pones to speak at the banquit and before I get threw Al I guess I will be able to write poultry as good is I pitch. Only this time insted of a pone a bout our party or the trip I will pay a complimunt to the capt and the crews of the Ship.</p>
					<p>So long old Pal for this time.</p>
					<footer role="presentation">
						<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">your Pal.</span><br/>
						<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
					</footer>
				</blockquote>
				<blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
					<header role="presentation">
						<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">on the Ship bord. <abbr>Dec.</abbr> 16.</p>
					</header>
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Friend Al</b>: Well Al I guess its a bout time I was writeing you a letter again and I promused I would write 1 evry day but the day after I wrote you the last time we was busy packing up our stuff to get off of the Umpires of Japan and then that night they was the banquit and the next day we was in Honk Honk and we all had to get our self vaxinated and that night we got a bord of this boat the <i epub:type="se:name.vessel.boat"><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">St.</abbr> Allbums</i> and now wear on our way to Vanila and the Philip Bean ilands and I would of wrote you yest. only I got lonesom thinking a bout Florrie and little Al and just think Al I havent herd nothing from them since we was in Yokohama and then it was 2nd. hand it you might say. Some of the boys got some male in Honk Honk but letters has got to be a drest in china hand writeing when you get them there and Florrie dont know nothing a bout that so probily she wrote me a letter there and I dident get it but I will may be get 1 in Vanila. Or they may be dead for all as I know. But any way I sent them some post cards from Honk Honk.</p>
					<p>Well Al I will tell you whats been going on since the last time I wrote to you and 1st. comes the banquit that the capt of the Umpires of japan give us and they was the usul speechs and storys and Schaefer and the boys sung a song and then I got up and pulled what Id wrote a bout the capt and the crews and I will coppy it down.</p>
					<blockquote epub:type="z3998:poem">
						<p>
							<span>Boys its time to say good by</span>
							<br/>
							<span>To the capt and the crews</span>
							<br/>
							<span>of the Umpires of japan</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Evry 1 of them a man.</span>
						</p>
						<p>
							<span>They give us grand treatmunt</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Wile we was on the bord of there Ship</span>
							<br/>
							<span>And add to the plessure</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Of the grate B.B. trip.</span>
						</p>
						<p>
							<span>Wear sorry to leave you boys</span>
							<br/>
							<span>You done the best you could</span>
							<br/>
							<span>And if any miss takes was made.</span>
							<br/>
							<span>You was doing the best you could.</span>
						</p>
						<p>
							<span>A man cant do evry thing.</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Thats not to be expected.</span>
							<br/>
							<span>And as long as you was trying</span>
							<br/>
							<span>what more could be expected.</span>
						</p>
						<p>
							<span>So by gones is by gones boys</span>
							<br/>
							<span>And now that we must part.</span>
							<br/>
							<span>We wish you all the luck in the world</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Is the wish from the bottom of my heart.</span>
						</p>
					</blockquote>
					<p>Well Al I thot they wouldent never stop yeling when I got threw and the capt got up out of his seat and thanked me and says he appresiated my pone more then the tip I give him when we got off of the Ship at Yokohama and he was all choked up when he was talking and I guess some of the wommen in the party broke down and cride because I could hear them snuffeling and the banquit broke up after that and we all went to bed to get some sleep and the next morning when we woke up we was at Honk Honk and geting ready to land when some brittich oficers clumb on the bord of the Ship and says we all got to be vaxinated just like we was all kids or some thing and Mcgraw and Callahan made a kick but the oficers says they was small Pox in Honk Honk and did we want to get a hold of it so we all had to get vaxinated and I says I did not feel like pitching the game that <abbr>p.m.</abbr> so I thot I would stay on the bord of the Ship but come to find out we couldent stay on the Ship on acct of it leaveing us there so I had to get off and I feel OK so far Al and I guess I dident catch no small Pox or nothing because here its been 2 days since we was in Honk Honk and not no marks on me accept the spot where I was vaxinated at.</p>
					<p>Well we went to the Hotel and the boys ett there lunch and I did not eat nothing and Callahan says Why not and says You must think Im a rummy or some thing and its bad enough to eat them rats and things when they aint got small Pox on them and he says I wisht you was as care full a bout your pitching as you are a bout evry thing else and I says You will see weather I can pitch or not pitch this <abbr>p.m.</abbr> and he shut up. But Mcgraw wouldent leave me pitch the game on acct of them not chargeing no money to get in to the park and besides most of the people out to the game was brittich solders from england and Mcgraw says he would not waist me on people that did not under stand the game and besides that did not pay to get in so I set on the bench and the giants beat the White Sox 7 to 4 and thats the 1st game the giants has win on the trip since we left the US and they was lucky to win this 1 and shouldent never ought to of scored only Scott pitched against them and dident have nothing but his glove.</p>
					<p>Well after the game we got on the tender boat and went out and got on this boat the <i epub:type="se:name.vessel.boat"><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">St.</abbr> Allbums</i> and started for Vanila and when I come to put on my evening dress cloths for supper I found out I dident have no dress shirt and I looked all over the place for it and finely Callahan loned me 1 of his and hes got 2 of them but Id like to know whot be come of mine and if some body run off with it and steve Evans say Dident you make a miss take and leave it in 1 of them landrys at Honk Honk and I says No I did not and he says may be 1 of them brittich oficers seen it and sent it to the pest house thinking it had small pox on acct of the white spots on it but he was just jokeing and ether some cheap stiff copped on to it or else it was stole. I guess I was swareing and cusing a little a bout it and Evans says do you feel bad a bout it and I says Yes why not and he says Well you want to remember that the man that got it feels a hole lot worst. He ment he was probily a shamed of him self. Callahans shirt is OK accept its like mine and hasent got no buttons in the boozem nothing but button holes and the man or who ever was it that took my shirt took a long then little black tax that you get from the landry and I buttoned my own shirt with them and I have not got none of them left to stick in Callahans shirt but my neck ty covers the boozem all most up.</p>
					<p>Well Al I certunly put some thing over on the rest of the bunch Al and I bet theyll be sore when they find it out. All the rest of them got there japan money changed to US money at Honk Honk because US money is the reglar money in the Philip Bean ilands and now come to find out the japan money is worth 4 times its reglar price in the Philip Bean ilands and they will give me $10.00 dollars for what I got and in japan and china it isent only worth $2 and ½. Evans was teling me a bout it tonight and he wanted I should sell him my 5 yens for $8.00 and I told him to go and take a jump in to the Ocean only it aint no Ocean but the china Sea wear rideing threw now. I guess Im a rummy or something hey Al.</p>
					<p>Well we get to Vanila tommorow and theys a hole lot of americans there and Mcgraws promused Im going to pitch and my arm feels grate. I cant hardily wait til we get to Vanila not on acct of me going to pitch but I bet may be theyll surely be a letter for me.</p>
					<footer role="presentation">
						<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">Your old pal.</span><br/>
						<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
					</footer>
				</blockquote>
				<blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
					<header role="presentation">
						<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">on the Ship bord. <abbr>Dec.</abbr> 17.</p>
					</header>
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Al</b>: What time do you think it is Al and here I am write ing you a letter at ½ past 6 in the morning and we will be in Vanila in 2 hrs. Well Al weve had some exitemunt on the bord and I been up since 5 and now its to late to go back to bed again so Im writeing you this letter to tell you what come off.</p>
					<p>steve Evans come to my room about 5 and awoke me up and says let me in so I got up and let him in and he come in and slamed the door and locked it and I says Whats the matter is they bergers on the boat and he says No theys some thing worst then bergers and he was so scarred he couldent say nothing for a while. And then he told me what it was and heres what it was Al. 1 of the night watch men was going by dutch Schaefers birth room a bout ½ past 4 and he herd some thing in there and he tride the door and the door come open and he went in and Schaefer was sqeeking like a rat and nawing on the door and when the watch man come in Schaefer sqeeked at him and tride to bite him and the watch come runin out and for got to shut the door and Schaefer come out after him and chassed him and the watch men got a way and then Schaefer run to Evans room and done some more sqeeking out side of the door and Evans got up and come out and seen who was it and Schaefer made a grab at him like he was going to bite him and Evans got back in his room and locked the door and then hollered threw the key hole and ast Schaefer what was the matter. And Schaefer says they wasent nothing the matter but he must have some cheese. So then Evans come and give me warning and says I should keep my door locked because it was me Schaefer was after and I dident believe it at 1st. but pretty soon sure enough we herd a noise out side of the door and sqeeking like a rat and Evans says he would open the door and see if he could catch Schaefer and lock him up and Evans started for the door to unlock it open and I grabbed him and throwed him on to the bed and set on him and pretty soon some body hollered in from out side of the door and says evry thing was OK and the <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Dr.</abbr> had got a hold of Schaefer and tooken him to his room. So I got off of Evans and opened the door and Joe Farrell come in and says the danger was all over and we ast him what was the matter and he told us what the <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Dr.</abbr> says and the <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Dr.</abbr> says Schaefer must of got some rat poson from that meat he was eating in Honk Honk but the <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Dr.</abbr> give him some anicdotes and he was all OK now but if he had went a little longer before the <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Dr.</abbr> got a hold of him he would of had a bad atack of what they call rat hiderofobeya and he might of bit some body else and they would of got it and pretty soon every body on the bord of the Ship would of been contajus. You see Al what suckers them fellows was that ett that china dope and may be it was the poson ivey in them sand witchs only of coarse it must of been the chop suy or he wouldent of sqeeked like a rat and nawed at them bords. We made up our mind that we wouldent say nothing a bout it to the wommen in the party because what would be the use scarring them now its all over and wommens libel to have histerks when they get scarred and there scarred easy no matter how many big stropping men like I they got on the Ship bord to see that nothing dont hapen to them. And wear not going to say nothing to Schaefer a bout it on acct of the <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Dr.</abbr> teling us that he probily never knowed what come off but thot he was in bed all the wile and Evans wanted I should go in and help Schaefer pack his things up but I told him a bout me haveing to write you this letter and besides Schaefer probily got packed up before he went to bed. But it shows you what suckers they was Al eating that chop suy and I wisht I was to your house in Bedford to get my breakfast this <abbr>a.m.</abbr> and in joying some of Berthas Pan cakes that they aint no poson ivey or rats in it. Only just sour milk and suggar and butter and what ever else they is in it. We must be geting pretty clost to Vanila and I will half to get my things to gather.</p>
					<footer role="presentation">
						<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">Your pal.</span><br/>
						<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
					</footer>
				</blockquote>
				<blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
					<header role="presentation">
						<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">on the Ship bord. <abbr>Dec.</abbr> 19.</p>
					</header>
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Old Pal</b>: Well wear on the Ocean again after being around Vanila for 2 days and so much come off that it will take me a long wile to tell you all a bout it but 1st. and 4 most I want to tell you a bout the ball game and probily you will see it in the papers because we got 2 reporters a long with us but they will give me the worst of it like usul and I want you should know the truth. This here Mcgraw dont know no more a bout manageing a ball club than a rabbit or some thing and he must of had a hole lot of luck to win all them penants only the day before yest. he dident have none of the luck because the White Sox had all of it. You see Al the air in the Philip Bean ilands is all ways muggy and it gets the ball wet and damp and heavy and a man cant brake his curve good and your fast 1 wont hop for you. So Mcgraw should ought to of picked Faber or Wiltse or this here Hern to pitch because they havent none of them got nothing any way so what diffrunts does it make if the airs muggy but take a man like I and the balls got to feel light in your hands or I cant get no hop on it or brake my curve sharp. I had a nosion to tell Mcgraw a bout it before the game ever started but I seen what a bunch of americans they was out to the park and I says to my self rather then dissapoint the crowd I will go in there and stall threw the game but I knowed all the wile that I wouldent be no good and not have nothing. But I went in there and I seen right a way that my speed and hook wasent no good on acct of the air so I just slopped them up there slow 1 after slow 1 and of coarse when you give them a slow 1 all the time theyll finely crack 1 on you unlest you mix them up with your curve and fast 1 and I couldent do that on acct of the air and honest Al the ball felt like 1 of these here shots that them collige willy boys put in there athaletic meats. But at that they had to have a horse shoe to score off of me and it wasent none of Callahans own men that done nothing but the guys he got off of the other clubs to make the trip and if it had of been the real White Sox I could of shut them out even if the ball had of been heavy is Ping Bodie.</p>
					<p>Well Al we went a long neck in neck for 5 inings and then Benz give Larry Doyle a fast 1 right over the middle and Larry busted it inside of 1st base and then Daly has a boot and Slight gets a past ball and we score and I supose evry body thot I would win easy with 1 run because they dident know nothing a bout me not being able to use my fast 1 or hook so in the 7th. Doyle and Merkle booted a couple behind me and put 2 on and they was 2 out and Crawford come up and I looked over to the bench and sined to Mcgraw should I walk him and Mcgraw shook his head no so what could I do but stick them over there with out no more on them then little Al when hes takeing a bath only of coarse he dont take no bath but some body gives them to him. So Crawford gets a hold of 1 and busts it to right field and it should ought to of been a single and only 1 run scored but this here Indian Thorp thot he had to kick it all over the park to show the Philip Beans what a foot ball player he is and before the ball come back Crawford was on 3rd. base and the other 2 had scored and we was a run behind and thats how it wound up but we could of tide it up in the 9th. when Doolan was on 3rd. base and 2 down and my turn to hit and Mcgraw takes me out and sends up this here left hander Wiltse and he popped up and the game was over and honest Al if I couldent hit what Benz was throwing up there and brake down the fence I would take my uneform off and sell it to a old cloths man or charitty. I been reading a bout this here Mcgraw and what a grate <abbr>mgr.</abbr> and all that ever since I was a ft. high and come to find out he dont know no more a bout manageing then 1 of these here waiters and if you dont give them a $.25 cent tip they get sore and next time you come in to there place there libel to stick parish green in your soup bold.</p>
					<p>Then they was an other game yest. besides the 1 the day before yest. and the White Sox win the game yest. to and they played it in the rain because Callahan knowed I had pitched the day before so they wasent no chanct of me pitching again but if theyd been a chanct of me pitching you can bet he would of called the game off on acct of the rain.</p>
					<p>Well Al we come in to Vanila the day before yest. in the <abbr>a.m.</abbr> and I guess I told you a bout Schaefer haveing that atack and he was all OK again when we got off of the Ship bord and I kept a way from him for fear I would may be for get my self and say some thing a bout he being sick. They was a band on the Doc to meet us and when we got off they played the stars and strips and Hale to Columbus and all them tunes and it made a man feel kind a home sick hearing them tunes way over here in a farm country and then we was road all over Vanila from 9 to pretty near Noon and Evans showed me where they bottle up the vanila and its on acct of them makeing so much of it here that this is the reason they named the town Vanila. And he showed me the street where Ad. Dooley won the navey fight from the Philip Beans when america was fighting them the war and the US should ought to of been a shamed to pick on these people Al because there about as big like Bush of the Detroit club and all colered peopl the most of them and cant fight out side of Jack Johnson and this here langferd. Then we had our lunch down to the Vanila hotel and it was so hot that the most of us ran a round with out no coats on and just think of that Al in the middle of <abbr>Dec.</abbr> and you and Bertha probily ½ froze there in Bedford. But we wont be to hot very long because the day after tomorrow wear going to go acrost the Equater and Evans says wear libel to run in to 50 bellow Zero and he took me in to a store so as I could get some heaver cloths for when we go acrost the Equater and when we get up to australia. He says I better get some overshoes and big thick mittons and a blankit and wile I was looking over some of the stuff Evans says he had to go to the Hotel and write a letter so I stuck in the store a lone and I had a blankit and some mittons all picked out and they come to a bout $7.00 dollars but I wanted to get my moneys worth on acct of haveing that japan money that Evans told me was worth 4 times as much in Vanila is it is in japan and china. But when I come to pay the man and give him my 5 yens he told me it would be a bout $5.00 more and come to find out Evans was wrong a bout the japan money being worth more and it may be use to be but not no more so all as I got was the mittons and they come to $2.00 dollars and that left me with 1 of them yens and I traded it to the man for a ½ dollar. It looks like I would half to borry some money off of Callahan or Comiskey before we get off of the boat at australia.</p>
					<p>Well Al we went out to the ball pk. in the <abbr>p.m.</abbr> and the band went a long and some clubs from the Vanila league was out there in uneform and Schaefer says the diffrunt clubs are all named after some flavor like you get in a soda water fountin on acct of the league is the Vanila league and the teams is called chockaluts and straw burys and cherrys and grape jews. They practiced a round with us a wile and I couldent help from feeling sorry for them and then we was interduced to the Mare of Vanila and the Gens. of the army and navey and then come the game that I all ready told you a bout it and whats a man going to do when you cant make your curve ball brake and your fast 1 is as strate is a string on acct of the air.</p>
					<p>That night they was a Grand ball on the Roof garden at the hotel and the gardens up on the top of the Hotel and I bet I took off 10 <abbr>lbs.</abbr> tripeing the life fantatic and some of the girls we danced with them was pretty swell lookers only I would of traded any 2 of them for Florrie and Violet the girl that was stuck on me in Detroit and she must of went in the sane to marry that left hander Hill and his fast balls so slow they wont let it on the blvd. 1 of the girls ast me what position did I play on the team and I told her a bout me being a pitcher and she says she thot I was the short stop on acct of the way I danced and I guess she ment how smoothe I moved a round. Then we had some stuff to eat and drink and the party broke up and I went to bed and the next morning thats yest. <abbr>a.m.</abbr> we was ast out to Billy Bids prisson and the <abbr>mgr.</abbr> of it showed us all threw and his names Stewart but not no relation to the Stewart that was a oficer on the Umpires of japan and theys an other Stewart thats a oficer on the Ship bord wear on now the <i epub:type="se:name.vessel.boat"><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">St.</abbr> Allbums</i>. Then they was a big lunch for us with all the swell peopl of Vanila and then they was the ball game and I dident even half to dress on acct of me pitching the day before and then we was drove back to the Hotel and down to the <i epub:type="se:name.vessel.boat"><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">St.</abbr> Allbums</i> and the band played them same tunes like they played when we come and we left Vanila at 6 a clock last night.</p>
					<p>Thats a bout all that come off at Vanila Al accept I guess I dident tell you a bout me not geting no male and I told Callahan a bout it and he says to never mind because he is going to call up Chicago again from australia and will try and find out how my famlys geting a long and they must be some thing wrong or I would of herd from Florrie but I got some post cards in Vanila and if I find out in australia that her and little Al is all OK I will send her the post cards from there and if there sick or dead or some thing I might just is well tare the post cards up and there diffrunt views of the Hotel where we stoped at but of coarse if theys some thing the matter at home I will go strate home from australia and will be to worred to think a bout post cards.</p>
					<footer role="presentation">
						<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">Your Pal.</span><br/>
						<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
					</footer>
				</blockquote>
				<blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
					<header role="presentation">
						<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">on the Ship bord. <abbr>Dec.</abbr> 21.</p>
					</header>
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Friend Al</b>: Well Al wear safe acrost the Eqater and it wasent ½ as bad is I expected and insted of being cold it was hot and I bet I took off 10 or 15 <abbr>lbs.</abbr>. prespireing. Evans says its usuly way bellow Zero but it was hot tonight on acct of Mcgraw talking a bout Klem the umpire at the supper table. He was just jokeing and after words he told me it was probily hot because they was so many stars out.</p>
					<p>Id been laying a round on the porch all day and they wasent much doing accept in the morning we seen some vol Canos and they was some site Al and I found out that theys peopl liveing right clost up to some of them and I says to Evans you wouldent never catch me liveing near 1 of them and he says it wasent no worse then playing right field in <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">St.</abbr> Louis.</p>
					<p>Well when we come to the supper table most of the boys wasent wareing there evening cloths but most of them had on these here sutes like the dudes wares in N.Y. city in the summer and come to find out theyd got them in Vanila on acct of expecting to run in to hot weather but Evans says they will wisht they had boughten blankits and fur coats when we get up to australia. Well a little wile after supper the capt says we was geting near the Eqater and Evans told me I better go in and rap up so I come in my room and put on my base ball swetter and over coat and took 1 of the blankits off of my birth and come out on the porch and all the boys was out there waiting for the Eqater and finely we got right clost up to it and dutch Schaefer hollers for evry body to hang on to the rale of the porch and we hung on and all most before you knowed any thing a bout it we was acrost and on the other side and they wasent hardily no jar just a bout like when a train beggins to slow up for the station. But as I say I was pretty near rosted to deth with them cloths on and I come right back in here and got evry thing off and now Im writeing in my night gown. Well Al Im glad we got acrost OK and Schaefer says some times the jars worst then other times and a friend of hisn went acrost onct when it was bad and his stumick was drove up in his throte and got stuck there and the <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Dr.</abbr> on the Ship bord had to drive it down again with a fungo stick because he dident have no instermunts a long. But wear acrost now Al and all safe and I will male you this letter a long with the 1 I wrote the day before yest. and I will write a couple more and male them all to gather when we get up to australia.</p>
					<footer role="presentation">
						<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">your old Pal.</span><br/>
						<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
					</footer>
				</blockquote>
				<blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
					<header role="presentation">
						<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">on the Ship bord. <abbr>Dec.</abbr> 24.</p>
					</header>
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Al</b>: Just a note Al to go in with them other 2 letters and I will male them 3 to gather because I couldent get no more then these 3 in 1 envellop and I will write you an other tomorrow night and tell you what kind of a xmas did we have and I never thot nothing a bout tomorrow being xmas til the boys beggin to talk a bout it and there going to fix up a xmas tree for Callahans kids thats a long on the trip and evry bodys going to stick some thing on the tree for them and I guess I will give them 1 of the post cards of the hotel where we stoped at in Vanila and I can buy an other to send Florrie when we get to australia. And what do you think Ål the boys are going to give me a xmas present on acct of the pomes I wrote for them banquits and all so I guess I made a big hit with the boys on this trip because I treat evry body just the same weather there stars or fellows that should ought to be driveing a dray instead of playing ball and may be you know who I reffer to Al. But any way there going to give me a little xmas supprise and Im going to supprise them to Al. Im going to write 1 of them pomes of mine and spring it on them when they call me up to get my present and I guess what ever they give me the pome will more than pay for it unlest of coarse it should be a dimond ring or a dimond brooch or some thing like that and I havent got no idear what is it there going to give me. But it shows they think a hole lot of me even if it aint no more then a small watch or a pare of dimond cuff buttons.</p>
					<p>We aint got up far enough yet to run in to the cold weather and I guess I could of waited till we get to australia before I bought them mittons.</p>
					<footer role="presentation">
						<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">Your pal.</span><br/>
						<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
					</footer>
				</blockquote>
				<blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
					<header role="presentation">
						<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">on the Ship bord. <abbr>Dec.</abbr> 25.</p>
					</header>
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Friend Al</b>: what do you think of bunch of cheap screws Al and smart alex like the cheap screws thats makeing this trip and if they was where they bellong theyd be runing 1 of these here hawk shops the cheap stiffs. We dont get to australia for 3 or 4 days yet and I only wisht we was going to be there tommorow so as I could get on a boat or a train or what ever is it that would take me home and the sooner I get off of this trip I will be tickeled to deth.</p>
					<p>Well Al I bet you wont beleive it when I’ tell you what they pulled off on me after all Id did for them and I wouldent of never came a long on the trip only for Mcgraw and Callahan begging me and sayin they wouldent be no trip unlest I come a long.</p>
					<p>Well Al we stayed up late last night fixxing up the xmas tree for Callahans kids and the boys finely chassed me to bed and says I musent be there when they hung my present up on the tree and this <abbr>a.m.</abbr> we was all up early and I was going to try and be out on the porch 1st and see if may be I couldent see what kind of a packige mine was did up in but when I got up pretty near evry body else was up all ready and we all got a round the tree and all the diffrunt presents was gave to the 2 kids and both of them beleives in sandy Claus Al because there nothing but young kids. So when all there presents was gave to them dutch Schaefer says Now we will see what has sandy Claus brought for Jack Keefe and they wasent only I packige left hanging on the tree and I might of knew from looking at the packige that they was pulling some thing off because the packige was to big for a watch or a ring or some thing a man would expect for a xmas present. So Schaefer took the packige down off of the tree and started to give it to me and I started to take it and then Schaefer seen the peace of paper in my hand where I had my pome wrote on it and he says I would half to read the pome before I got the present so I read the pome and I bet I wouldent of read no pome or nothing else if Id knew then what they was giveing me. But the pome was OK Al and I will coppy it down and you can see what I read to them.</p>
					<blockquote epub:type="z3998:poem">
						<p>
							<span>Boys I want to tell you</span>
							<br/>
							<span>How I apresiate this supprise</span>
							<br/>
							<span>and the xmas present your giveing me</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Comes like a big supprise.</span>
						</p>
						<p>
							<span>Ive tride to be fare with evry 1</span>
							<br/>
							<span>And done the best I can</span>
							<br/>
							<span>To make this trip a grand big success</span>
							<br/>
							<span>for Comiskey and Callahan.</span>
						</p>
						<p>
							<span>Wear makeing this trip a round the world</span>
							<br/>
							<span>And seen all the sites</span>
							<br/>
							<span>But boys theys no country in the world</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Like the grand old stars and Strips.</span>
						</p>
						<p>
							<span>So thanks for this xmas present boys</span>
							<br/>
							<span>I apresiate it 1 and all</span>
							<br/>
							<span>And all that I can say to you</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Is Mary xmas to 1 and all.</span>
						</p>
					</blockquote>
					<p>and then they give a big cheer Al and I says I would take the packige to my birth room and open it up but they says no I would half to open it up there in front of them and it was all did up in ribons and tissu paper and I finely got it opened up Al and it was the shirt that I thot had been stole off of me and it hadent even been landryd and was just like it was the last time Id wore it and what do you think of a bunch Al that would pull a thing like that and give you a xmas present that was yours all ready and theyd stole it off of you and hid it some wheres.</p>
					<p>Well Al I was so sore for a minut that its lucky I dident cut lose and bust some body or throw them off the Ship bord only that would not be doing right by the fish to throw a bunch of cheap bums like them in to the Ocean water and poson the Ocean water but its a wonder I dident hall off and bust some body and all as kept me from it was on acct of the ladys in the party so I just told them a few things a bout what they was and then I beat it in to my room and I been here ever since and you can bet your last $1.00 that this here trip will be over as far is Im conserned the minut we get to australia. steve Evans come in to my room a wile a go and he says him self that it was a dirty trick only he dident have nothing to do with it Al and he says it was probily some of them would be pitchers thats jellus because they couldent catch a st. car with there fast 1 and thats who it probily was.</p>
					<p>Well Al they can do all the pitching thats did on the trip after this and we will see if Mcgraw and Callahan likes there kind of pitching because I wont be on the trip no more after we get to australia and may be I will be back in Chicago by the time you get this letter and I wisht now I had of went back on the boat from Honk Honk to the US and may be I would of been in Chicago now with Florrie and little Al.</p>
					<p>Instead of that here I am in the middle of the Ocean some wheres and broke and got to borry money to get home and makeing a trip a round the world with a bunch thats so cheap that if it costed a nichol to get in to heaven they would go to the other place provide it Satin would leave them in on a pass. Only I wont be on no trip after we get to australia.</p>
					<p>But look at me Al spending xmas with these bums here where ever it is wear at and I might of been home spending xmas right with Florrie and little Al and they can take there base ball and keep it for all of me and I will go in to some business where a mans treated right. A fine Mary xmas this is hey Al.</p>
					<footer role="presentation">
						<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">Your pal.</span><br/>
						<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
					</footer>
				</blockquote>
			</section>
			<section id="the-busher-abroad-3" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<h3 epub:type="title">III</h3>
				<blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
					<header role="presentation">
						<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">on the Ship bord. <abbr>Dec.</abbr> 27.</p>
					</header>
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Friend Al</b>: Well Al the boys is playing shovvel bord and I hope there in joying themself and steve Evans was just in my room a little wile a go and wanted I should be his pardner in the game and I says Do you think Im going to hang a round and play games with a bunch of cheap stiffs like them that give a man his own shirt for a xmas present. I says All as I want is for us to hurry up and get to australia and the sooner as we get there I will quit the trip and start home.</p>
					<p>Then Evans says Well you know I did not have nothing to do with giveing you your shirt and I want you should play pardners with me and may be we can give some of them cheap stiffs a good triming and show them up and I says no not under no condision I will play shovvel bord or nothing else with a bunch like them cheap stiffs and he says Well you will half to play base ball with them next summer and then I told him a bout me having made my mind up to quit base ball and go in to some busness where a man gets treated sqare and he says What busness was you going in to and I says I haven’t deside it and then Evans give me a pretty good idear Al and may be I will take it up but I got all winter to think about what do I want to do.</p>
					<p>But Evans says I should ought to get a job on 1 of the news papers and write some of my pones for them and may be they would send me out to the ball pk. and have me write some of my pones a bout the ball game and then I could get back at some of these no good bums by rosting them in the paper.</p>
					<p>Evans says of coarse the paper what ever 1 give me the job probily would not pay me more then twict what Comiskey pays me the 1st yr. but after that when the paper seen I was OK they would probily raze me clear up and give me as much is the reporters gets. And besides that if I was working on a news paper I would not never half to be worring a bout how long my arm was going to last but all as I would half to think a bout would be how long is my brains going to last and Evans says they should ought to last a life time if I did not work them no harder then when I was pitching and he ment I dont need nothing but my fast ball when I am working right.</p>
					<p>But I dont know yet what Im going to do and may be I will open up a billard rm. in Chicago and I guess it would be a gold mind on acct. of how poplar I am with the fans and why not after the showing up I give the cubs. but any way Im going to quit the trip when we get up to australia and go home to Florrie and little Al where I bellong and a mans a sucker to ever leave your home when you got a wife and baby let a lone the bills Florries probily ran up on me wile I been a way.</p>
					<p>Well Al we stoped off at thursday ilands yest. and was there 3 hrs. and I and Evans palled a round to gather and I would not have nothing to do with no body but him on acct. of he being the only 1 that wasent in on that dirty trick of giveing me my own shirt for a present and Evans him self says it was a dirty trick because they couldent be no other kind of a trick played with that shirt.</p>
					<p>Wear a hole day behind time Evans says because we come to thursday ilands Friday and the reason they call it thursday ilands is on acct. of the boats being do there thursday but he says wear libel to make up time before we get to australia because its down grade the rest of the way.</p>
					<p>They wasent much to see a round the ilands but we found out that this is the place where they catch all the perls like wommen wares on there rings and stick pins and I never knowed before that you fish for perls like you do blue gills but I all ways thot they come from out of a mind like a gold mind or dimond mind but Evans says there little fish like a scrimp and after there catched they scrivle up and get hard and of coarse they all ready been dead a long wile before they sell them in the jewlry store. But we was here at the wrong time of yr. and the perls dont bite only in may and <abbr class="eoc">Aug.</abbr></p>
					<p>Well old pal they can take there perls and all the rest of there trip and jump in the Ocean with them as far is Im conserned and base ball to. Im threw with them Al or that is I will be as soon is we get to australia provide it I can borry enough money off of Comiskey or Callahan so as I can get home. This is a fine trip Al where you cant get no male from your own famly and you can pitch your head off and they dont even say thanks and the stuff you get to eat in the diffrunt countrys posons you and your to sick wile your on the Ship bord to in joy your meals only of coarse thats just the peopl that the ruff Ocean water makes them sick and it dont bother me no more then walking up and down state <abbr>St.</abbr> And a bunch of no good stiffs traveling a round with you. Next time they get me on 1 of these trips it will be wile Im a sleep and not even then. Just because I was, a sucker onct but I wont be 1 again. Live and let lern as they say.</p>
					<p>I cant hardly wait til we get up to australia and the 1st train leaveing out of there that will be the 1 Im on if I half to higher a taxi cab from the Doc to where ever the trains leaves at. And may be I will probily get to Chicago by the time as soon is this letter gets to you and the other 1 I havent maled it yet because we been on the Ocean all the wile.</p>
					<footer role="presentation">
						<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">Your old pal,</span><br/>
						<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
					</footer>
				</blockquote>
				<blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
					<header role="presentation">
						<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">on the Ship bord. <abbr>Dec.</abbr> 27.</p>
					</header>
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Friend Al</b>: Well Al Im going to all this stay on in the condishon that Mcgraw does what he promused and heres what he promused. How I come to be talking to him Steve Evans called me to 1 side wile I was out on the porch yest. and says he just found out that Mcgraw wasent in on that dirty trick a bout giveing me my own shirt and Mcgraw was sore at the men that done it and he wanted to talk to me so I says all right I will talk to him if your sure he wasent 1 of them cheap stiffs Evans says No he was sure. So he called Mcgraw to where we was standing and Evans left I and him to gather and went a way and left us a lone and Mcgraw says What do you want and I says I just found out you wasent 1 of them peopl that give me the shirt and he says No of coarse not and I wouldent do no dirty trick like that. I says Well Im going to quit the trip and go home from australia and he says what for and I told him on acct of them cheap stiffs giveing me that shirt.</p>
					<p>Then Mcgraw says Your not giveing me no sqare deal if you quit the trip because Im the 1 youll be hurting against and I havent did nothing to you.</p>
					<p>Then I says Well I dont want to be on no trip where I half to assosiate with the cheap bums thats on this trip and Mcgraw says Well you dont half to have nothing to do with them but I want you to stick on the trip because I cant get a long with out you and I was figureing on useing you in the game at Brizz Bay. Thats the 1st place we stop at when we get to Australia Al and we get there the next day after tommorow. Mcgraw says They will be a lot of englich lords and this in that out to the game and I want to win the game in the front of them so I was counting on you to pitch.</p>
					<p>I says Well I would like to win for you but I got no chanct to win when your club keeps kicking the ball a round in back of me.</p>
					<p>Then Mcgraw says Well I will tell you what Ill do with you and if you win the game for me I will give you a real present and not no dirty shirt and if you stick on the trip all the way threw I will give you a diffrunt present evry time you win a game for me.</p>
					<p>So you see Al Mcgraws OK and on the sqare and he is giveing me a sqare deal and when a man treats you right Im going to treat him right to. I wisht they was some way I could get a way from the White Sox and pitch for Megraw all the wile and if he give me a present for evry game I won for him in the reglar season I would have enough so as I wouldent half to throw a way no money on xmas presents for my friends only of coarse Im all ways glad to do the right thing by my friends if nessary. But of coarse theys no chanct for me to get a way from the White Sox because even if Comiskey and Callahan was willing to leave go of me they would half to get wavers and the minut they ast for wavers the other clubs would clame me when you said Jack Robison.</p>
					<p>So it looks like as if I would stick on the trip Al and I can pall a round with Steve Evans and Megraw and not have nothing to do with the rest of them and have a good time and I guess Ill stick on the trip only I wont know til I pitch that game at Brizz Bay and see how I come out and is Mcgraw going to keep his promus.</p>
					<p>I will beat them Al if the luck brakes even and if they dont kick the game a way in back of me.</p>
					<p>We was on land most all day the day before yest. at a place name Cairns and we went site seen out to Barroom falls and seen a lot of bannanna and pin apple orchids where pin apples and bannannas grows right on the trees and thats better then buying them when you dont know when you buy them weather there OK or rotten til you get them home.</p>
					<p>Of coarse you dont half to eat them when they aint good and some times you dont half to throw a hole bannanna a way but you can eat a round the bad spots only a man dont like to pay for a ½ doz. bannannas and come to find out the white part of them would only make a bout 3 hole bannannas if you put them all to gather.</p>
					<p>Well Al I will male you all the letters I all ready got ready for you as soon is we get to Brizz Bay and I will write an other letter and tell you how I come out and I will chase them out of the ball pk. if my arm feels good.</p>
					<footer role="presentation">
						<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">Your Pal,</span><br/>
						<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
					</footer>
				</blockquote>
				<blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
					<header role="presentation">
						<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">on the Ship bord. <abbr>Jan.</abbr> 2.</p>
					</header>
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Al</b>: Well old Pal wear threw with Brizz Bay and now wear on the way to Sidney some thing I dont know what the rest of the name is. But Im feeling so good Al that I dont care weather its Sidney this or that or what is it.</p>
					<p>Well Al it was just like I told you and I told you that if I went in there when my arm was feeling OK I would make them White Sox think they was in a earth quack or some thing. We beat them 2 to 1 and we beat there best pitcher Jim Scott and made him look like a sucker but that aint all that come off Al and Id of rather had them beat us then to not have the rest of it come off and heres what come off Al. We got in to Brizz Bay the night before last night and it was to late to go any wheres but yest. <abbr>a.m.</abbr> we was tooken up to the hotel and a man give Mcgraw a pile of letters and post cards as big is the bat bag and a bunch of news papers to and when I herd Mcgraw calling the names off of the peopl for who the male was for I couldent hardily stand still but I was a scarred all the wile that of coarse they would not be nothing for me but finely all of a sudden he says Jack Keefe and give me a letter and it was from Florrie.</p>
					<p>Well Al I set there feeling of it for a long wile before I opened it up because I kept thinking supose little Als dead or some thing the matter with him and thats why she wrote the letter to tell me a bout it but finely I opened the letter up and read it and they wasent nothing like that in it but there all OK Florrie and little Al and the Allens to tho the Allens could have a bad cold or some thing with out me getting worred sick over them. But the letter opened up dear Jack and then she went on and says I dont supose youll speak to I and your baby when you get home on acct of you going all the way a round the world and back wile I and the baby aint nothing but roobs that stays home all the wile but I thot may be you would like to hear how the babys geting a long tho I guess you dont care nothing a bout none of us when you run off and leave us all winter with $250.00 dollars and expect us to pay rent and buy cloths and stuff to eat.</p>
					<p>And then she says she was writeing to ask me to give her a check for the other $250.00 dollars I got in the bank because they was a story a round town that the bank where I got the money in it is in bad shape and libel to blow up any minut after the 1 of <abbr>Feb.</abbr> so if I got the check to her by the 1 of <abbr>Feb.</abbr> she could get the money out of the bank before it blowed up.</p>
					<p>Then she says I should write her the check as soon is I wasent to busy holding hands and spooning with the qeens and princes in the diffrunt countrys so you see Al shes a little bit jellus and then she says little Al was just fine and all OK and got 4 teeth but theys a hole lot of things he should ought to have besides teeth and she cant buy them til she gets some more money and the Allens sends there regards but they can keep a hold of them.</p>
					<p>Well Al I bet I must of read the letter over 1 doz. times and theys a little black spot in 1 cor. of it where may be little Al got a hold of it and then after I got threw reading it I set down and wrote her back a long letter and dident say nothing a bout the qeens and princes because it wont do her no harm to think Im haveing a good time tho I aint saw nothing yet that looks like qeens and princes but most of them looks like a wash womman or some thing. I all so sent her a check for the other $250.00 dollars I got in the bank and now I aint got nothing in the bank but she will get the check before the 1 of <abbr>Feb.</abbr> and its better to have her spend the money then the pres. of the bank go south with it and besides by the time we get back home it will be pretty near time to open the season.</p>
					<p>Well Al I felt a 100 per % better after I got Florries letter and seen that her and the baby was all OK and I wouldent of cared if the White Sox had been lucky enough to beat me but they wasent Al and I beat them and Mcgraw come acrost with a present just like he promused and what do you think he give me Al. He give me a bran new shirt to ware with my evening dress sute and it aint no stiff boozem that you half to work ½ a day getting the buttons fixed in it but this 1 is as soft like silk and got a million rinkles in it and he give me some white buttons a long with it that works on a wire and the buttons matchs the shirt and the shirts white to.</p>
					<p>And I dont half to send this shirt to the landry evry time theys some thing drops on it but I can wash it my self on acct it dont half to be irrened because a landry would probily irren all the rinkles out of it and there what makes the shirt so pretty.</p>
					<p>Well Al Im feeling 100 per % better and base ball would be OK if all mgrs. was like Mcgraw and I wisht I could pitch for his club all the year a round because now there getting on to how I pitch and give me some kind of decent suport and the White Sox dident never have a chanct with us yest. we road a round all the <abbr>a.m.</abbr> in automobiles and seen what they was to be seen and then was tooken out to the pk. before noon and played the game and Mcgraw says to me You will half to make this a qick 1 because if you dont get the game over in 1 hr. and ½ we wont get nothing to eat before we half to get back on the boat so I says All right I wont try to strike no body out but I will try and make them hit the 1st. 1 and they wont get a good hold of it because my arm feels good and I will zip them threw there like they was shot out of a cannon and Mcgraw says dont waist your breth teling me a bout it but get out there and show me some thing.</p>
					<p>Well Al I guess I showed him all right and if I hadent been in no hurry I bet I could of struck a bout 20 of them out but I kept sticking the 1st. 1 over with a good jump on it and all as they could do was pop them up in the air and they only hit 3 out of the in field all day and they wouldent of got there 1 run only I got carelest when I was pitching to Speaker in the 8 and he hit 1 down the foul line and made 3 bases on it and come in on a fly ball and he would of been out 20 <abbr>ft.</abbr>. if this here Maggie had of throwed the ball to the plate insted of trying for a record and see how far could he throw it.</p>
					<p>But there 1 run dident do them no good and they couldent of scored again if the game had of went 50 inings and we got both our runs in the 3rd. and Weaver and Egan kicked a couple and Doyle got a hold of 1 and Scott was lucky we dident get a doz. runs insted of 2.</p>
					<p>Well Al Im feeling better then I felt on the hole trip and I cant hardly wait til Mcgraw leaves me get in there again and he will half to come acrost with an other present and it wont be no shirt next time because hes all ready gave me a shirt and I wonder what will he give me.</p>
					<footer role="presentation">
						<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">Your Pal,</span><br/>
						<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
						<p epub:type="postscript"><abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">P.S.</abbr> I forgot to tell you what I done to dutch Schaefer when he come up in the 5st. ining and they was a man on 2nd. and 3rd. He come up grining like usul and he hollers hello shirt at me and I says I will shirt you and I shot my fast 1 right clost in to him and he fell over scarred to deth and then I give him 2 more fast balls and he fouled them and then I waisted a fast 1 and then I come with my slow 1 and I wisht you could of saw him Al and I thot for a minut he would brake his spinul collins going after it. all the way in to the bench I kept hollering at him. I says You will shirt me will you and he was so sore he couldent say nothing back. what could he of said.</p>
					</footer>
				</blockquote>
				<blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
					<header role="presentation">
						<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">Sidney. <abbr>Jan.</abbr> 4.</p>
					</header>
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Old Pal</b>: well old Pal I guess I forgot to wish you a happy New yr. in my last letter but better late then ever as they say so happy New yr. Al for you and Bertha the both of you and I dont wish you nothing but luck. This is Sun. and some of the boys is out over looking the harber and they wanted I should go a long because they say its the gratest harber in the world but what if it is Al Ive saw enough water with out going out and looking at a harber and besides Im not buying no harbers no matter how good they are hey Al.</p>
					<p>They’s no ball game today because this is like N.Y. and Philly and Washington and them places and you cant play no ball on Sun. so Im seting in the australia Hotel and writeing this letter but they was a game yest. and the White Sox win it 15 to 4 and I ast Mcgraw before the game to leave me go in there and pitch and he says No he dident want to kill me with work but I guess after the game started he was afrade Hern and this here Faber that pitched for the giants would get killed by some thing else besides work I mean batted balls and Donlin and Maggie and this here indian Thorp run back and 4th. a round the out field so much shaging 3 base hits that there tung was hanging out.</p>
					<p>They played the game out to the crickit pk. and some of the australia crickit players was out there practiceing when we come to the pk. and I stood and watched them a wile and honest Al if I played that game they wouldent never get me out and tommorow Im going to try it and heres how it come off that Im going to try it.</p>
					<p>1 of the crickit players come up to where I was standing and says what do you think of the game and I says its a grate game for a baby or some thing and the man says Yes I supose it looks easy when you never tride it and I says weather I tride it or not and he says Why dont you get up there and try it onct because we will give you a bat and see if you can hit it and I was going to only the crickit players had to get off of the grounds then because the ball game was going to start.</p>
					<p>So I and the man fixed it up and Im going out early tommorow and try it and we got a bet up on it and Mcgraw says he will lone me the money if I loose the bet but I wont loose it Al because all as I got to do is make 5 runs before they get me out.</p>
					<p>And I says to the man how much will you bet and he says O a bout 2 <abbr>lbs.</abbr>. and I says 2 <abbr>lbs.</abbr>. of what and come to find out they call there money lbs. insted of dollars so wear betting 2 <abbr>lbs.</abbr>. a peace and thats a bout $10.00 a peace and Al its just like stealing the money because I will tell you how the games played and a man that couldent make 5 runs easy should ought to be clening the sts. or some thing.</p>
					<p>They dont throw the ball but role it a long on the ground like when your boleing only the balls little like a base ball and you stand up there with a bat as big is a bord in front of 3 sticks stuck in to the ground and you got to keep them sticks from geting hit and you dont half to take a swing at the ball if you dont want to but you can stand up there all day til you get 1 you like and if you dont hit it far you dont half to run if you dont feel like it but wait til you hit 1 far enough so as you can run and theys 3 more sticks a bout 50 <abbr>ft.</abbr>. a way and you half to run back and 4th. bet. the sticks and evry trip you make before the ball gets back thats 1 run.</p>
					<p>And of coarse they cant curve the ball or put no stuff on it or nothing because it comes a long on the ground so how can a man miss it Al and if they leave me up there long enough I will get a 1000 runs only I dont want to ware myself all out because probily Im going to pitch tommorow. That $10.00 bucks will come in handy Al and I wont half to throw none of it a way on acct of not knowing what to do with it. Well Al I guess I will go out and walk a round a wile before dinner, and male this letter.</p>
					<footer role="presentation">
						<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">Your pal,</span><br/>
						<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
					</footer>
				</blockquote>
				<blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
					<header role="presentation">
						<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">Sidney. <abbr>Jan.</abbr> 5.</p>
					</header>
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Friend Al</b>: I only got a couple minuts to write to you Al because wear going to catch the train for Melbourne but I just want to tell you what kind of robbers they got a round here and the sooner we get out of this town we cant get away to soon to sute me. I dident pitch today because Mcgraw is saveing me to pitch over to Melbourne where the <abbr>gov.</abbr> of australia lives at.</p>
					<p>They was a game bet. the giants and a australia club and of coarse Mcgraw wouldent leave me pitch that game because I would of felt like a murder and he wouldent leave no real pitcher pitch but he pitched him self and this here Wiltse pitched for the australias and the giants beat them and then the White Sox beat Mcgraws club 10 to 5 and its lucky for the White Sox that Mcgraw was saveing me so as the <abbr>gov.</abbr> can see me in axion.</p>
					<p>But what I was going to tell you a bout is the robbers game they pulled off on me and they should ought to call this here game hold up insted of crickit and for all as I know crickit means hold up in the australia languige. Well Al I and Mcgraw and Steve Evans went out to the pk. early and the man I had the bet with was there all ready laying for us and no wonder after what he had frammed up on me and they was a hole lot of other men with him drest up in there crickit sutes and there catcher wore big shinn gards like as if he was afrade he was going to get his shinns hurt and all as they do is role the ball to him and they ast me did I want to practice a wile before the bet was on and I says no I dident need no practice in no baby game so Mcgraw put up 2 <abbr>lbs.</abbr>. for me and the man who I was beting with put up 2 <abbr>lbs.</abbr>. in steve Evanss hands and I picked out 1 of there crazy bats.</p>
					<p>And the man says now you under stand do you that your out if them little sticks on top of the big sticks is knocked off of the top of the big sticks and I says all right and they says I wouldent need no pardner but could run back and 4th. a lone so the man that does the boleing got up back of the sticks that was the other sticks from the sticks I was standing in front of them and he wound up and come over hand with the ball and it come bounceing a long the ground and I could see right a way that the grounds was no good because the ball bounced crook it.</p>
					<p>I left the 1st 1 go by and layed for the next 1 and it come just right and I took a toe hold and started to cut in to it and I bet Al if I had ever of got a hold of it I would of lost the ball for them but wile I was swinging my bat back to take my wallop I knocked the sticks down with my bat and got my bat tangled up with the sticks and of coarse the ball come along and hit the sticks to because I couldent get my bat lose to hit it and the man who I was beting with says well you dident last long and I says what do you mean I knocked the sticks down with my bat dident I and he says Yes and your out and I says Im not no such a thing and he says all right I will give you an other chanct.</p>
					<p>Then Mcgraw cuts in and says No you lost Jack and you got to pay and so Evans give the man the money and I was so sore I dident know what to say and finely I says this is a fine robbers game and why dont you buy your self a gun and go a round sticking peopl up and the man says I will give you a chanct to get even and I says no you wont give me no chanct to get even and steal some more of my money and then he was going to give my money back only Mcgraw wouldent let him.</p>
					<p>Mcgraw says we better get a way before they take another 2 <abbr>lbs.</abbr>. off me and I says yes we better before they take my uneform.</p>
					<p>And then I says to the man I thot you was a gentle man and he says Well I couldent make no such a miss take as that a bout you and I says no I guess you couldent and he dident have no come back so we come a way and left him and now I owe Mcgraw $10.00 and I was going to have the man arest it only Mcgraw wouldent let me and Mcgraw says he seen right a way it was a robbers game and give me the wink to not have nothing to do with it but I dident see him give me the wink.</p>
					<p>Well Al I will know enough after this to not monky with no crickit game and monky with a game where they make there rules to sute them self and if any body says crickit to me I will hall off and bust them in the jaw. Steve Evans says Well I thing your in better shape then before you played crickit and I says why and he says because they took 2 <abbr>lbs.</abbr>. off of you but I wasent up there long enough to loose no wait and besides you couldent take off no wait in baby game like that. Well Al a mans never old enough to lern as they say but I bet they wont play that same trick twict on me. You know me old Pal.</p>
					<footer role="presentation">
						<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">Your friend,</span><br/>
						<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
					</footer>
				</blockquote>
				<blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
					<header role="presentation">
						<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">Melbourne. <abbr>Jan.</abbr> 7.</p>
					</header>
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Friend Al</b>: Well Al we been haveing a big time here and I guess even Callahan and Comiskeys glad I come a long even if I give them an other beating this <abbr>p.m.</abbr> and we beat them 12 to 8 and I could of shut them out just as easy is roleing on a log only I let up when we was 10 or 11 runs a head but its not on the field where I come in handy to them but entertaneing there friends and the peopl they meet and so 4th.</p>
					<p>Well Al dutch Schaefer come up to me yest. <abbr>a.m.</abbr> after we got here and says they was going to be a party last night at the Melbourne saviges club and would I write a pone for the saviges and I hadent spoke to Schaefer since them cheap stiffs give me my shirt back and so I says no I wont write no pone for you or have nothing to do with you and he says why not and I says I guess you know why not and he says I supose your still thinking a bout that shirt yet and I says Yes and then Schaefer says he dident have nothing to do with it and I says You were the 1 that give it to me and he says Yes but when I give it to you I thot it was some thing else or I wouldent of gave it to you and I says what did you think it was and he says the boys had boughten a new shirt for me at Vanila and thats what they thot they was giveing me but they had gave it to Stewart the oficer on the ship Bord to rap it up and he had stole it for him self and stuck the old 1 in the packige and they was all sore at him but what could they do because if they had of balled him out a bout it he probily would of got mad back at them and ran the boat right up passed australia and may be clear up to the north pole and froze us to deth and the boys dident care nothing a bout them self but they was a frade to take the chanct on acct of the wommen on the bord of the Ship bord.</p>
					<p>So you see Al the boys was trying to treat me OK only this here Stewart was a crook and I wisht I had of knew a bout it before we got to Sidney and left the boat and you can bet I wouldent of gave him no ¼ for a tip.</p>
					<p>So when Schaefer showed me where it wasent the boys falt a bout the shirt I and him shook hands and I says sure I would write them a pone and I wrote a dandy Al but 1st. I want to tell you a bout what come off yest. <abbr>p.m.</abbr> We got here a bout 11 a clock and was drove to the orental Hotel and then we was drove to the city Hall and the mare and council give us a lunch and then they told us that we was invitted up to have tea with <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> and <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> Dennis the <abbr>gov.</abbr> and I says I dident want no tea but Callahan says I had to go a long so we all went a long up to where the <abbr>gov.</abbr> lives at and sure enough there was the <abbr>gov.</abbr> and <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> Dennis and we was interduced to them and they was tickeled to deth.</p>
					<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Dennis says to me You certunly look like a athalete and I let him feel of my arm and my caff and he says he wisht he was musseled up like me and I says you would half to be if you was a big league pitcher but I dont supose you fool a round much out doors and he says no he dident have no time and I says Well then whats the diffrunts weather your a big strong man or a little scrimp only if you had my build peopl turns a round to look at you on the st. and the girls would pester you to deth and he says Well I guess I better not interduce you to lady Dennis and I says No Ill get a long better if I dont never meet no more wommen ladys or what ever they are.</p>
					<p>But after words I got interduced to the <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> and she says the same thing her old man says a bout me being big and strong and <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Dennis come up to us wile we was talking and says this young man is pestered by wommen and she says O my I beg your pardon and she laughed and walked a way from me and I dident get no chanct to see her and tell her diffrunt because of coarse I would just as leave talk to her and what I ment was a bout the girls writeing notes to me or calling me up at the hotel in the diffrunt towns we stop at in the summer.</p>
					<p>Well Al we finely come a way from the Dennisis and then I went back to the hotel and fixed up my pone and I dident have much time but I frammed up some thing pretty good and read it to them down to the saviges club last night and heres what I give them:</p>
					<blockquote epub:type="z3998:poem">
						<p>
							<span>Wear makeing a trip a round the world</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i1">To show the Nat. game</span>
							<br/>
							<span>to the peopl of the diffrunt countrys</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i1">Is why we came.</span>
						</p>
						<p>
							<span>Wear glad to be here in Melbourne</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i1">For boys youve got a grate town</span>
							<br/>
							<span>And boys I want to tell you</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i1">Of your town you should be proud.</span>
						</p>
						<p>
							<span>Mcgraw says Im going to pitch tommorow.</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i1">And I hope you will all come out</span>
							<br/>
							<span>And your presents and your cheers</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i1">Will surly help me out.</span>
						</p>
						<p>
							<span>I will show you boys my fast 1</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i1">and onct in a wile my curve</span>
							<br/>
							<span>But when my fast 1 is zipping threw there</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i1">You might say I dont need no curve.</span>
						</p>
						<p>
							<span>So heres to the saviges club</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i1">Youve showed us a roil good time</span>
							<br/>
							<span>old Glorys the best country in the world</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i1">But Melbournes not so far behind.</span>
						</p>
					</blockquote>
					<p>Well Al I was the hit of the entertanemunt and they was pretty near all of them out there to the pk. today and I guess I all ready told you a bout me beating the White Sox 12 to 8 and it could of been 12 to 0 as well is not and now Mcgraw owes me an other present and he says he will get it for me when we get it to Adeline and we leave for there tommorow night and I havent no idear what is it hes going to get.</p>
					<footer role="presentation">
						<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">Your Pal,</span><br/>
						<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
					</footer>
				</blockquote>
				<blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
					<header role="presentation">
						<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">on the Ship bord. <abbr>Jan.</abbr> 9.</p>
					</header>
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Friend Al</b>: Well Al I guess theys a million peopl wishs they was a pitcher like me and what do you think Im wishing now Al Im wishing I wasent no pitcher at all but a catcher and if I had of been a catcher and not no pitcher I wouldent be in no danger like Im in now. May be Al you wont know me the next time you see me and may be my face will be diffrunt and it will ether be me or some body else a long on the trip thats got to suffer and its just my luck to be the 1. I bet if I had of knew what we was runing in to I wouldent never of got on the boat at Adeline but they wasent no body told me a bout the danger and here I am takeing a chanct with the rest of them that is all accept the catchers the lucky stiffs and they aint in no danger like the rest of us.</p>
					<p>Well Al we got on to the boat at Adeline this <abbr>p.m.</abbr> and we hadent been on the boat more then a couple hrs. when I found out a bout what wear going to run in to and I found out wile I and dutch Schaefer was talking to 1 of the crews on the boat. Schaefer says some thing a bout the Ocean water being smoothe and the crew says yes its all OK today but tommorow we will be in the grate australian Bite and then theys libel to be trouble and when Schaefer herd him I thot Schaefer was going to fant and I drug him over to a chair and pretty soon he come to again and then I ast him what was libel to come off.</p>
					<p>Then Schaefer says You herd what that man said dident you and I say Yes and Schaefer says Well you know what it means dont you and I says no I dident and he says Well it means wear going to run right threw the grate australian Bite insted of going a round it and I says Well what a bout it and he says Well you know what a Bite is dont you and I says Yes I know what a flee bite or a muskeeto bite is and Schaefer says Well this is a million times worst then them and if you dont know what it is youll find out tommorrow when you see it.</p>
					<p>Well Al I had to cox him a long wile before he would tell me the truth on acct he says it made him sick to talk a bout it but finely he told me. You see Al they call this place the grate australian Bite on acct of a grate big bug that flys a round over the water and the bugs called a Bite bug on acct of how he bites and hes a bout as big like a egle only hes got a reglar mouth and fangs like a woof and he flys a round all the time waiting til he sees a boat and then he atacks the boat and bites 1 man and then hes satisfide and flys a way and waits for the next boat and some times he missus 1 boat but not very offten and he flys so qick that they aint no body cant get out of his way when he comes after you not even Cobb. And he aint never satisfide unlest he bites off 1 of your feechers your nose or ear or some thing. He bites his way right threw the window and scream or threw wood and the only thing thats got him stopped is irren and steal and thats why the catchers is OK because they can ware there mast over there faces.</p>
					<p>Well Al Id of been all right if Schaefer had only of told me that sooner a bout the catchers masts keeping the bug out but he dident tell me that at 1st. or I could of got 1 of the catchers to leave me take there mast and wore it on my face tommorow and they couldent of got it a way from me with a shot gun but when he finely told me it was to late and when I seen I. V. Wingow and ast him to leave me look at his mast he all ready was wise and he says no he should say not and did I think he was a sucker. So you see Al him and jack Bliss and Slight wont be in no danger because they can ware there masts all day accept when there eating or they dont even half to take them off wile there eating if they want to eat salery or some thing like that that they can stick threw there mast and eat it.</p>
					<p>Theys only 3 masts on the trip because I ast Callahan and he says thats all they was and he says What do you want of a mast have you deside it you cant pitch and I says I guess you know I can pitch and he says guess again so you see Al they aint no guessing a bout it but as I say I wisht I was a catcher now insted of a pitcher and if I ever get back to Chicago or some wheres where they sell masts Im going to buy 1 and carry it a round on trips with me after this and not take no chances.</p>
					<p>Well Al they aint no danger of none of us geting killed because theys a <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Dr.</abbr> on the Ship bord and he can rap up the place where the bug gets his fangs in to you so you wont blead to deth but Id pretty near as leave be dead is not have no nose or no ear and think how a man would look like Al and I wouldent never dast go home to Florrie.</p>
					<p>Well Al it wasent long before evry body on the Ship bord knowed a bout what we was runing in to and we had a meeting a wile a go trying to figure up some thing to fight the bug with and steve Evans says that Crawford or Speaker or 1 of the good hitters should ought to stand out on the porch with a bat and take a wallop at the bug when he showed up because if you hit him in a certun spot on his head he will drop dead only it takes a man with a good eye to crack him just right.</p>
					<p>Well Crawford and Speaker says they wouldent take no risk like that and then Schaefer says to me You think your a hitter dont you and I says no I dont think nothing of the kind and I aint no sucker nether. Then some body says we should all ought to try and proteck the wommen on the boat but Schaefer says the crews told him that the Bite dont never go after wommen because there ears is all ways to small to get a good bite at them and most of there nose is. So you see Al the wommen and the catchers is the only peopl that aint takeing no chanct and I wouldent be nervus if all the rest of us had a even chanct and the bug was as libel to bite 1 is the other but Schaefer says the bug aint as lightly to bite a homily man is a good looking man and I got a right to be nervus hey Al.</p>
					<p>Well Al we cant do nothing but wait and see what happens and if you dont hear no more from me youll know what come off because I wont have the nerve to write and tell you if worst come worst. I wisht we hadent never left Adeline but still in all why should I be the 1 to get evry thing thats comeing and it seems like as if I should ought to have the luck onct in a wile and I dont never have none out there pitching.</p>
					<p>Schaefer says the catchers has all got there masts locked up in there trunks and there rooms locked up and the key in there pockit the cheap stiffs.</p>
					<p>Well Al it dont look like I would get much sleep tonight. This is a fine bum of a trip hey Al.</p>
					<footer role="presentation">
						<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">Your pal,</span><br/>
						<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
						<p epub:type="z3998:postscript"><abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">P.S.</abbr> I pretty near for got to tell you a bout what Mcgraw give me in Adeline for a present for wining that game for him in Melbourne and what he give me is a razer and its a dandy Al. But if Im going to get my face bit up by this here bug what will I care if theys a few whiskers on my face because a man couldent expect to look any ways decent with part of your face gone but Im libel to use the razer to cut my throte if Im the 1 this here bug bites.</p>
					</footer>
				</blockquote>
				<blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
					<header role="presentation">
						<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">Fremantle. <abbr>Jan.</abbr> 13.</p>
					</header>
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Al</b>: well Al the last 3 days has been like a night mare or a bad dream or some thing but now its all over and here we are in Fremantle and some of the boys has drove over to perth but Im so wore out they couldent higher me to go no wheres.</p>
					<p>Well Al that there bug dident bite no body on the Ship bord and now wear all safe and out of the place where he flys a round and wear not in no more danger with him but now wear going to be up against some thing else and I will tell you a bout it only 1st. I want to tell you a bout how we come to get a way from this here bug only I cant tell you for sure why war it because evry body says some thing diffrunt.</p>
					<p>I dident never see the bug at all because I stayed in my birth room all the wile and dident even go in the dinning room for meals but the meals was broughten to me in my birth room only I dident eat many meals in the last 3 days on acct of me not feeling good but sevrel of the boys seen the bug and some of the crews seen him to and the crews cant figure out why he dident light on to this boat and that they must be some body on the trip thats got a hole lot of luck because this is the 1st. boat the bugs missed in 2 yrs.</p>
					<p>So the boys has been trying to figure out says its the N.Y. giants because they was lucky to win all them penants but Evans says you cant call the giants lucky because evry time they win the penant look at who they had to play against in the world serious and Mcgraw says it must be the White Sox because there lucky to stay in the league with out droping out of the bottun and Schaefer says it must be on acct of us haveing so many left handers on the trip Wiltse Speaker donlin Crawford Leverenz and Evans the lucky left handed stiffs only Evans aint no stiff but OK and comical when you get to know him.</p>
					<p>Then Speaker says I was the lucky 1 and I says what do you mean lucky and did you ever see the time where I had any luck out there pitching and he says Your lucky the dog catcher dident get a hold of you and I says Yes and you are to and he dident say nothing back.</p>
					<p>Well Al who ever it was we was lucky all right and Im tickeled to deth wear threw with that part of the trip and Im glad I dident see the bug because the boys that seen him says he was a awfull thing to look at him and he come right up clost to the boat sevrel times and all the catchers was standing out on the porch with there masts on and they all had bats and was going to try and hit him but they says he was like ed Rulebacks fast ball and he dident never come near enough for them to hit.</p>
					<p>larry Doyle the capt of the giants says the Bite probily come just clost enough to the boat so as he could reckonize some of the ball players and then made up his mind they was enough bugs on the boat all ready with out him comeing on to the boat but of coarse they couldent be nothing to that because how could a man clear over here on the other side of the world tell 1 ball player from the other let a lone a inseck and Doyle was just jokeing or he dont know nothing but it seems like as if a man thats been a round N.Y. city as long is Doyle would know better then to mean it in ernest that a inseck could tell the players a part and hes suposed to be 1 of the smartest men Mcgraws got and if hes the smartest Id hate to run in to the guys that dont know nothing but may be he was just jokeing.</p>
					<p>Well Al as I say wear all threw with the Bite and no more danger from geting bit by the Bite but now wear going to run in to some thing else pretty near as bad only this time they aint no danger of looseing 1 of your feechers but just geting sores all over your head and if they was any way to get home from here with out going a long on the trip you bet I would tell them to take this here trip and or my share from it and feed it to the fishs but I got to go a long because they aint no over the land rout because australia is a iland and shroud it by water.</p>
					<p>I will tell you what wear going to run up against now Al and its comeing pretty soon as soon is the boys gets back from perth and the boat starts out again. the next Ocean we go threw is the indian Ocean and wear going to be in it for 9 days and of coarse we was lucky to get threw the place where the Bite was at with out no body geting hurt but we was only in there 3 days and now wear going to be in the indian Ocean 3 times longer so it looks like as if they wouldent no lucky left handers nor nothing else save us this time but as I say they aint no danger of geting killed only sore spots on your head.</p>
					<p>When Schaefer 1st. told me a bout us comeing in to the indian Ocean and how bad it would be I thot of coarse they was probily a lot of wild indians liveing on the ilands and they would may be shoot at us or some thing but Schaefer says no it aint the indians we got to be afrade of because the indians is to busy drinking the water out of the Ocean because its fire water and they live on it.</p>
					<p>But what we got to be looking out for is the Thomas Hawks thats some thing like a reglar hawk only they dont go after chickens because of coarse they aint no chickens out in the middle of the Ocean but insted of chickens they go after humen beans and they sale a round over the boat in flocks and all of a sudden they snoop down on to the boat and peck at a mans head and there peck aint poson but there bills is sharp and they cut right in to your head and make a sore and when they find a mans head thats soft they make a noise to the rest of the flock and then they all of them pick on to 1 man and cut his head all to peace is.</p>
					<p>Thomas Hawks dont never pester you when your in doors because they cant get in but only when your out on the porch.</p>
					<p>And steve Evans says they aint no danger for some of the rest of them because the Thomas Hawks couldent peck threw there heads with a ax and before the hawks would try and peck in to some of there heads they would try and peck a hole in the side of the boat and he says to me You wont be in no danger your self and you can walk all over the porch wile some of us has to stay crooped up in our room and I guess he ment because Im not afrade of nothing but I dont see why a man should take a chanct Al and probily get by all right but still theys a chanct I might get my head all sord up and whats the use of a man being a sucker.</p>
					<p>Well Al I guess you know I wouldent of never started on this trip if Id knowed all as we was going to bump in to and if Callahan and Comiskey had of been right they would of told me before the boat ever left the US but of coarse you see why they dident tell me because they knowed if they told me I wouldent of never came on the trip and with out ether I or Mathewson a long on the trip the peopl in the diffrunt countrys would of been sore and says the trip was a fake and of coarse Mcgraw dident tell me nothing because where would his club of been at but for I going in there and wining for him evry time I start accept when they kick the games a way in back of me.</p>
					<p>But Comiskey and Callahan and Mcgraw all of them could of went to the devvil and I wouldent never of made the trip if Id knowed what was comeing off and no sooner wear out of 1 danger and heres an other and if it isent 1 thing it isent the next.</p>
					<p>And the trips all ready costed me pretty near $100.00 bucks includeing the money I borryed off of Callahan for my cloths and the cloths I got in Vanila and the $10.00 them crickit players robbed me out of and I dont get nothing for pitching and you cant even get out and see the sites because a mans all ways afrade of 1 of these here bugs or birds biteing you.</p>
					<p>Fine trip hey Al and I told them in the 1st. place to get some body else and leave me stay home with little Al and Florrie where I bellong.</p>
					<p>Well Al I can hear the boys comeing back from perth and pretty soon we will be starting in to the indian Ocean and before we get out of it my head will probily look like a scream door. Fine trip hey Al.</p>
					<footer role="presentation">
						<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">Your old pal,</span><br/>
						<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
					</footer>
				</blockquote>
			</section>
			<section id="the-busher-abroad-4" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<h3 epub:type="title">IV</h3>
				<blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
					<header role="presentation">
						<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">on the Ship bord. <abbr>Jan.</abbr> 16.</p>
					</header>
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Friend Al</b>: Well Al here it is pretty near 3 days since I been out on the porch and its so hot in my birth room and the dinning room that it feels like 1 of these here turkeys baths but a mans got his choise weather you want to get smuthered to deth or go out on the porch and get your head all pecked up by these here Thomas Hawks and just think Al we wont be threw with the indian Ocean where they fly a round at for pretty near a wk. more and may be by that time I will be rosted to deth like a Pnut or some thing but of coarse if it gets to hot I will half to go out on the porch and take a chanct of geting my head pecked up.</p>
					<p>Well Al I found out today where wear on our way to and wear going to africa Al and wear do there a bout the last of the mo. but the languige they talk there is harder to lern then japan or china ether 1 because a hole lot of the words is pretty near like englich only they say them diffrunt and its geting on to how do they say them thats what makes it hard to lern so steve Evans has beggan all ready to lern me how to talk the languige so as I can get a long all right by my self if I hapened to get lost a way from the rest of the party. When you want to say I meaning your self you say Ah and supose you got lost and wanted to say I cant find my way back to the hotel youd say Ah caint fine mah way back to dat ole hotel and if you want to say your lost you say Ahm done lost it and if you want to tell them your hungery you say Boss Ah sho am ravvenashus only of coarse I dont know weather thats how you spell it or not. A mans got to keep saying it over to your self all the wile or your libel to forget what you lerned all ready and when I and Evans is to gather we keep talking it back and 4th. bet. us so as I will have it lerned pretty good and not forget it before we get to africa.</p>
					<p>I guess Florrie will think Im a collige school teecher or some thing when I get home and spring all the diffrunt languige on her japan and china and africa and the rest of them that I lern before I get home. But whats the use of makeing a trip like this here if you dont lern some thing and a mans a sucker to go a round the world with your eyes and ears shut like a deef and dum moot. As long is we dont get no money for playing ball on the trip we better try and get some thing and I will try and lern evry thing I can and I bet some of these here collige willy boys that spends there old mans money at yale and Harlem dont lern ½ as much is a man that makes a trip a round the world if you keep your eyes oppen.</p>
					<p>Well Al I wisht we was threw with the indian Ocean and out of the way of these here Thomas Hawks so as a man could get some fresh air but wishing wont do no good and a man cant get nothing by wishing and I supose Scott and Benz and them wishs they had my fast 1 but them wishing it wont fool no batters. Wishs is fishs as they say. Well old pal Im going to get my cloths off and lay on the bed and thats a bout the only way you can keep your self from smuthering to deth.</p>
					<footer role="presentation">
						<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">Your old pal.</span><br/>
						<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
					</footer>
				</blockquote>
				<blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
					<header role="presentation">
						<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">on the Ship bord. <abbr>Jan.</abbr> 19.</p>
					</header>
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Al</b>: Well old Pal what do you supose wear up against now and wear going to cross acrost the eqater again tommorow and they say its a hole lot worse crosing acrost the way we got to cross it this time then the way we went acrost the other time because we was going south last time and now wear going north and when your going south your going down and the bump is easyer but when you cross acrost it going north you cross it up and its like you was driveing a horse &amp; buggy over a R.R. track and the bump when you hit the rales is harder then when your acrost the track and slide off of the rales on to the ground and crosing the eqater going north is just like going up a step insted of comeing down and the crews of the boat all has to pull on a rope and lift the front end of the boat up so as to raze it up for the step. But some times they dont get the boat razed up at the right time and then theys a awful bump and peopls libel to get hurt.</p>
					<p>If your in your birth room your libel to get throwed against the sealing and get your head smashed or brake a arm and I guess theys a lot of ball players in the league that would be tickeled to deth if I got my old super broke but I aint going to take no chanct to please them and Evans says I better be out on the porch when the bump comes off and hold on to the fence and not crooped up in no birth room where theys a sealing and walls to bump against. So Im going out on the porch Al and take a chanct with them Thomas Hawks because a man better get his head pecked up a little then brake your arm when you got to pitch for a liveing.</p>
					<p>Dutch Schaefer says if I broke my left arm it wouldent do no harm and if I broke my right arm I could lern to pitch with my left arm and be just as good but I aint going to make no left hander out of my self because all as they deppend on is there luck and if I dident have nothing but luck I would quite pitching and drive a dray or write for the news papers.</p>
					<p>So I am going to take a chanct with them Hawks Al and if I get my head all sored up I guess the only thing I can do is lay a round til its all OK again and any way I cant stay crooped up much longer or Ill be rosted like a chicken or some thing and I havent dast set near a oppen window even on acct of these here Hawks might catch site of me and come in threw the window.</p>
					<p>Well Al may be Ill need some of these left handers luck before Im threw but Id rather have my fast ball then all there luck hey Al.</p>
					<footer role="presentation">
						<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">Your old pal.</span><br/>
						<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
					</footer>
				</blockquote>
				<blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
					<header role="presentation">
						<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">on the Ship bord. <abbr>Jan.</abbr> 21.</p>
					</header>
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Friend Al</b>: Well Al here we are safe in sound and the old supers just as good is ever and my head aint no more sored up then a bran new base ball and theys a lot of pitchers that cant brake there curve with a new ball but it dont make no diffrunts to me Al if the balls just out of the rapper or all dirted up the old hook will brake just the same and make Cobb and the rest of them look like a sucker. Only when my arms good you might say I dont need nothing but my fast 1.</p>
					<p>Well Al I and all the rest of the boys has been crooped up all this wile for nothing and they wasent no danger at all from them Thomas Hawks only we dident know no better til Mcgraw found it out and what do you think of this here indian Thorp for not telling us when he knowed all the wile only he says he dident know why we was all staying in doors off of the porch but thot we was sea sick or some thing.</p>
					<p>Well Al the hole gang of us come out on the porch last night so as we would be OK when we crosed acrost the eqater and I wore my base ball cap on under my hat so as my head wouldent be so easy to get at and Bliss and Wingo and Slight and them wore there masts over there head but Evans says that wouldent of did them no good because these here Hawks has got big long bills and can reach clear down threw a catchers mast but it was a light night and pretty near like day light and we looked all over and couldent see no birds over the boat or no wheres else and evry body was wondring where could they of hid them self and finely Mcgraw hapened to say some thing to Thorp a bout it and come to find out Thorp was out on the porch the 1st. day we come in to the indian Ocean and they was a hole flock of these here birds waiting for some body to show up on the porch so they could peck there heads but when they seen Thorp they flide a way from the boat and they hasent been none of them near the boat ever since and Schaefer says its on acct of Thorp being a indian and knows how to handle Thomas Hawks.</p>
					<p>Well Al I thot we would laugh our self to deth when we seen what suckers we was and no body thot a bout Thorp being on the Ship bord and of coarse we was OK wile he was on the bord and what a rummy we all was Al staying crooped up in doors when we might of been in joying the air.</p>
					<p>Evans says Mcgraw should ought to find Thorp a $100.00 dollars fer him not telling us but Mcgraw says Thorp dident never know we was afrade of geting scalloped or he would of told us and the only thing we can do is take it like a joke and to not leave our friends at home lern a bout it or they would laugh them self sick but Im telling you Al because its to good to keep and I aint the man that wont never add mit when you been a sucker.</p>
					<p>Well Al we was still laughing and jokeing a bout the Thomas Hawks when larry Doyle seen the capt of the boat and found out we was pretty near the eqater and the capt ast Doyle to get some of the strongist men in the crowd and help pull on the rope up to the front of the boat and lift it up over the eqater so I and Thorp and sam Crawford and Honest Lobert got a hold of the rope a long with some of the crews and dutch Schaefer and the capt of the boat stood up in the front of us and told us when to jerk and when they give us the word we give a pull and the rope must of bust it because I fell over on the porch and the boys all laughed but I guess they knowed it was my strenth that done most of the puling and Al we come up on that eqater just like they was nothing there and not no jar at all and the capt of the boat says it was the smothist hed ever went acrost the eqater and he wisht he could have a bunch of big stropping men like we evry time he has to cross acrost it. Of coarse Lobert aint no giant like I and Thorp and Crawford and Crawford and Thorps both of them smaller then me and I guess I done the puling that counted but as long is the capt thinks the rest of them done it to why let him think so.</p>
					<p>Well Al I got to write an other of them pones of mine tonight and spring it tommorow and Schaefer told me a bout it this <abbr>p.m.</abbr> and all so a bout us going to land tommorow and be on the land all day only it aint africa where wear going to be but the Salome iland and we been invitted to eat our lunch with sir Thomas Lipton the sailer only he aint no reglar sailer like the crews on the boat but hes a boat racer and of coarse that aint his busness but he runs a tea and coffee store in this here town where wear going to stop at on the iland and the towns Columbus only of coarse it aint the same Columbus thats in the american Assn.</p>
					<p>I dident know what to write a bout in my pone but Schaefer says to stick some thing in a bout the tea and coffee store and may be he will come acrost and give us some to take a long with us and all so kid him a bout his boat races and Schaefer says he dont never win none of the races but he is OK and good naturd and likes to get kid it only of coarse I wont make it to raw.</p>
					<p>Well Al I guess your wondring how we got a invatation out here on the Ship bord where they aint no P.O. and I will tell you how we got it Al we got it by a wirelest telegram and they have them on all the boats and they can wire telegrams all over the world and its some thing new and the man that owns it must be makeing a bbl. of money because they soke you good in plenty to wire the telegrams so I guess they aint no danger of me wireing no telegrams to Florrie on 1 of them because it would cost over $50.00 and of coarse I wouldent stop at no $50.00 if I was sick or killed or some thing but I aint a sucker enough to pay no $50.00 and tell her Im feeling grate and how is evry thing and so 4th.</p>
					<p>Sir Thomas Liptons place aint far from where wear at and of coarse it dont cost no $50.00 for him to wire us a telegram from Columbus here but it costed him plenty or probily he sent it C.O.D. colleck on Comiskey.</p>
					<p>Well Al I guess I better get busy on my little peace of poultry and see can I fix up some thing good but I guess they aint no dought a bout that if I sit my mind on it hey Al. May be they will be a place at Columbus where I can male you the letters I all ready wrote.</p>
					<footer role="presentation">
						<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">Your old pal.</span><br/>
						<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
					</footer>
				</blockquote>
				<blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
					<header role="presentation">
						<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">on the Ship bord. <abbr>Jan.</abbr> 24.</p>
					</header>
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Old Pal</b>: Well old Pal now wear all threw with the Salome iland and the town where we stopped at Columbus and now wear on the Ray Bean Ocean and wear do in africa in 1 wk. Well Al I dident speak my pone for sir Thomas Lipton on acct of dutch Schaefer forgeting to call on me to speak it wile we was haveing dinner but I had a coppy of it wrote down and I give it to him when he says good by to us on the boat the night before last night and I will coppy it down here so as you can see what I give him.</p>
					<blockquote epub:type="z3998:poem">
						<p>
							<span>The White Sox and N.Y. giants</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Is makeing a trip a round the world.</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Takeing in all the sites</span>
							<br/>
							<span>all a round the world.</span>
						</p>
						<p>
							<span>Wear glad to be in Columbus</span>
							<br/>
							<span>For boys your town is a pippun</span>
							<br/>
							<span>where they got the big tea and coffee store</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Ran by sir Thomas Lipton.</span>
						</p>
						<p>
							<span>If we had some of his coffee</span>
							<br/>
							<span>We could our friends a bout it tell</span>
							<br/>
							<span>And tell them how good we liked it</span>
							<br/>
							<span>and help him it to sell.</span>
						</p>
						<p>
							<span>So may be he will give us some</span>
							<br/>
							<span>we will half to wait and see</span>
							<br/>
							<span>But I hope he will give us coffee</span>
							<br/>
							<span>And not no willy boy tea.</span>
						</p>
						<p>
							<span>If he come acrost with some coffee</span>
							<br/>
							<span>we would run his boat a race</span>
							<br/>
							<span>With the boat on witch wear rideing on</span>
							<br/>
							<span>And leave him win the race.</span>
						</p>
					</blockquote>
					<p>I read the pone to Schaefer right after Id wrote it and he run a way with it and showed it to Callahan and they both of them says it was grate and then Schaefer forgets his self and dont call on me to talk it off at the dinner and of coarse theys no harm done because I give sir Thomas Lipton a coppy of it but that aint like talking it off and it would of live end up the dinner.</p>
					<p>Well Al sir Thomas Liptons a grate old scout and OK only he give us some tea and not no coffee to take a long with us and I got 5 <abbr>lbs.</abbr>. in my sute case and I dont know what to do with it because I dont never drink it or nothing but coffee and may be a glass of beer onct in a grate wile but I never felt better in my life and no fat on me so I guess Callahan cant raze no holler if I want my beer but I guess he knows better then say nothing to me a bout it. Come to think you and Bertha likes tea dont you Al and may be I could send it to you from some wheres and give me what ever do you think its worth or else I would give it to you grant us because I was going to bring you and Bertha a present and as long is you like tea why not give you that and not nothing else.</p>
					<p>Well Al Columbus is some town and its just like a side show or some thing and evry bodys trying to get a mans money a way from you with fakes and snake chalmers and so 4th. and some of the boys fell for it and spend a hole lot of there money and dident get nothing for it and I aint no cheap skate Al but will spend my money with the rest of them only I want to know what am I geting for it and not throw it a way like it was dirt and growed on trees and a mans a sucker to fall for all them graffs. A fool with your money and soon loose part of it as they say.</p>
					<p>I thot Mcgraw would want I should pitch the ball game on acct of sir Thomas Lipton being there but it was a rotten day and raining and I guess probily Callahan wouldent leave Mcgraw use me on acct of may be I would catch cold or something but Mcgraw says he wouldent pitch me because they dident charge nothing to get in and he couldent a ford to be buying me presents for wining for him when they wasent nothing tooken in at the gait but any way they played the game and the giants got beat 4 to 1 and this here Leverenz worked for the White Sox and what chanct was they to beat him the left hand it horse shoes stiff. After the game we ett dinner and come back on the boat and sir Thomas Lipton come on the boat and set with us til it was time for the boat to leave and now wear bounding for africa and theys a bout a wk. for me to practice up on the languige before we get there and by that time I should ought to be able to talk it as good is the natives that was born there.</p>
					<footer role="presentation">
						<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">Your old Pal.</span><br/>
						<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
					</footer>
				</blockquote>
				<blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
					<header role="presentation">
						<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">on the Ship bord. <abbr>Jan.</abbr> 28.</p>
					</header>
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Friend Al</b>: Well Al dutch Schaefer must think Im a rummy and what do you think he was trying to tell me. The Ocean wear on now is name the red Sea and he was trying to tell me it was the place you read a bout in the bibble where moses and them wade it acrost it but they couldent no body wade acrost this Ocean Al because its way over your head and you cant see no bottun and if any body walked threw it they would half to be a bout twict as tall is this here Falkenberg and how he gets by with the stuff hes got is a misery to me. But of coarse if they was twict as tall is him they would be in a sircus or muzzeem or some thing and not fooling a round stumping each other to wade acrost the Ocean. So when Schaefer pulled it on me I says You must think Im ½ Whitted and he says No I dont never flatter no body and I says you better not try and flatter me. If hed of says some thing more to me I would of flattered him out with a punch on the jaw. You know me Al.</p>
					<p>But he seen I was in ernest and shut up. That is he quite talking a bout flattering some body and kind a laughed and says I can see your to smart for me to put any thing over on you but I bet you cant tell me why is it they call it the red Sea when it aint no wheres near as red as your neck and I says I dident know and dident care a dam why do they call it the red Sea and they could call it the brown Sea if they had a mind and Schaefer says Yes but they wouldent be no sence in calling it the brown Sea but its all right to call it the red Sea because its the 1 evry bodys read a bout in the bibble and I says Tell that to the fish or some thing and he walked a way from me.</p>
					<p>Well Al evry bodys packing there trunk and sute case and geting things to gather because wear pretty near do in africa and this <abbr>p.m.</abbr> we come passed mocha where they make the coffee at and I wisht we could of stopped there insted of the Salome iland and may be got some coffee gave to us insted of willy boy tea.</p>
					<footer role="presentation">
						<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">Your pal.</span><br/>
						<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
					</footer>
				</blockquote>
				<blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
					<header role="presentation">
						<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">on the Ship bord. <abbr>Jan.</abbr> 31.</p>
					</header>
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Al</b>: Just a note Al so as I can male it in africa and wear going to land there in a little wile and wear all packed up and ready and its lucky wear going to be in africa this time of yr. and not july or 1 of them mos. because Evans says the wild bests has most of them I went south for the winter now and we wont be in much danger tho we got to keep our eyes oppen because some of the cold wether anamals like Polo bares and lepers is libel to be a round and if you get clost to 1 of them lepers they dont bite you or nothing but you catch a hold of the disease they got and get all spoted up and you bet I will be on the out look and keep a way from them.</p>
					<p>Well Al it come like a supprise a bout us going to land today and we wasent figureing on geting off of the Ship bord til tommorow when we got to port Sad but the capt of the boat says insted of that we would get off of the boat today only they call it disunbarkin africa and the place where wear going to land at is Sue S. and that sounds like as if it was a girls name only of coarse its a town and I would of wrote you a long letter only I thot we was going to be on the Ship bord an other day yet so this is just a note.</p>
					<footer role="presentation">
						<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">Yours in Haze.</span><br/>
						<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
					</footer>
				</blockquote>
				<blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
					<header role="presentation">
						<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">Cairo. Africa. <abbr>Feb.</abbr> 1.</p>
					</header>
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Friend Al</b>: Well Al Im seting up late to write this letter and I all ready a dressed a bout a ½ doz. post cards to Florrie and little Al and of coarse little Al cant read them or wont know what the pitchers is on them but I thot may be it would make Florrie laugh to see a post card come a dressed to little Al like he was a man or some thing.</p>
					<p>Well Al this was some day and I dont know where to beggin at to tell you a bout it but I guess I better beggin at the begginning as they say. Well we come in to Cairo from Sue S. on the R.R. and then got on the bord of the st. car and road to the Hellopolis Hotel and its some Hotel Al and the dinning rooms so far from the kichen, that Doyle says the waiters rides back and 4th. on campbells only of coarse they dont ride the campbells in to the dinning room but tie them out the side.</p>
					<p>Well we ett our breakfast and it certunly felt good haveing your breakfast on dry land and not no ruff Ocean water under the Hotel or afrade to go out on the porch on acct of bugs and Thomas Hawks. And I dident see nothing of no Polo bares or lepers and I guess they dont dast hang a round a big town like Cairo. Well Al after we was threw our breakfast some automobiles come for us and took us out to the Pyrmids of Geezer and we seen the Pyrmids and Spinix and there a grate site Al and I wisht you could see them.</p>
					<p>The Pyrmids is grate big 3 coroner tumes where peopl was burred in them 4 thousend yrs. a go and Evans says if you could oppen 1 of them up you could get enough skulls to start a hole new league and its a wonder the scouts for the big league clubs dont bust in to these here tumes when there looking for bone insted of a round threw the bush leagues. He was just jokeing because of coarse the dead skelton of a corps couldent play ball but what he ment was that some of these here bush ball players thats picked up dont know no more then a dead corps or some thing and should ought to be driveing a dray the lucky stiffs.</p>
					<p>The Spinix is a grate big homily mans head build from concreet and Mcgraw says the only diffrunts bet. the Spinix and some ball players he knowed was that the Spinix dident spring no alley bys and dident have no arm to throw the ball to the wrong place with it. The Spinix is a bout 4 thousend yrs. old to like the Pyrmids and Evans says they aint no reason why I shouldent last 4 thousend yrs. on acct of me being made out of the same matteral and he ment Im hard like a rock and musseled up strong but of coarse I wont live no 4 thousend yrs. or even 10 times that long but will die a round 70 or 80 like evry body else but Im not worring a bout that yet and wont never leave it bother me thinking it a bout it but eat drink and be mary til I die as they say.</p>
					<p>Well Al we fooled a round the Pyrmids all <abbr>a.m.</abbr> and some of the men and wommen road on them campbells and the boys wanted I should ride on 1 of them but not me Al and I dont believe in crulity to anamals and them big stiffs should ought to be a shamed of them self bareing there wait on a campbell thats all ready got them humps to carry extra and so skinny that you dont see how can they carry them self led a lone there humps. So I stade off of them and I aint like some of these fellows that pulls a cats tale to hear them holler or picks on some dum best that cant do nothing to you back.</p>
					<p>Well after a wile we come back to the Hellopolis Hotel and ett our lunch and then they was the ball game and it was a joke Al. I and Benz done the pitching but they made us play on grounds that was sand up to your neck and evry little wile a Gus of wind would blow the sand in your eyes and ½ the time I dident know was I pitching to the plate or peging to 1st base and the place we pitched from wore down from us standing in it and the last 2 of the game it was like standing in the bottun of a system and trying to pitch and how could a man get any thing on your fast ball. The game come out tie 3 and 3 and Benz was lucky we dident get a doz. runs because you would of had to take a magna fine glass to see the brake in his curve ball and they aint no more brake to his spiter then a 2nd base man throwing to 1st base.</p>
					<p>He couldent fool little Al with his stuff Al but as I say the grounds was so rotten that they wasent nothing to the game only luck and when its a ? of luck I dont never get nothing but the worst of it. Its just like Mcgraw says after the game he says Jack if you had some of these birds luck you wouldent never have a game tide up on you led a lone loose 1. I says Yes but where can I get a hold of some luck and he says it will come to you if you keep going and then they wont no body beat you. I wisht I could pitch for him all the wile Al insted of Callahan that dont appresiate all I done for him.</p>
					<p>I wouldent of been ast to pitch on them rotten grounds only K. Dive the king of africa and all the rest of the roil tease was out to the game and Comiskey and Mcgraw thot they might may be not like it if we held out on them so I went in and done the best I could and of coarse they could pretty near tell from my motion that I aint 1 of these here 4 flushs that should ought to be driveing a landry waggon but I wisht the grounds had of been OK and no sand blowing in your eyes and Id of showed them some thing.</p>
					<p>Well Al after the game we was interduced to some of the roil tease and Evans says I should ought to try some of my africa languige on them so I says to 1 of them How you all like dat ole game and he says he liked it fine only he says it in plane englich but it shows I got there talk down pretty good when they can under stand it with out no trouble. But when I seen he could talk englich as good is I and you they wasent no use me bothring a bout talking to him in africa so we talked back and 4th in englich and I pulled that gag on him a bout where would a man go to if you broke your nee and the anser is you would go to africa where the nees grow and we joked back and 4th a wile and then we come back to the Hotel and drest for supper and now most of the boys is out site seen and probily throwing there money a way on nothing and I will hold on to mine and when I see some thing worth buying I will buy it and some of them suckers must think dollars grows on trees only it aint dollars and scents over here but plasters.</p>
					<p>Well Al I wisht I could of win that 1 today and Mcgraw would half to come threw with an other present and he should ought to give me some thing at that for pitching for him on them rotten grounds and I would of win hands down on a decent grounds but how is a man going to put any thing on the ball when your feets sliping out in under you all the wile and sand in your eyes.</p>
					<footer role="presentation">
						<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">Your pal.</span><br/>
						<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
					</footer>
				</blockquote>
				<blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
					<header role="presentation">
						<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">Cairo. Africa. <abbr>Feb.</abbr> 2.</p>
					</header>
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Friend Al</b>: Well Al they played an other joke game today and of coarse the giants had all the luck this time on acct of me not pitching and the White Sox got beat 6 to 3 and if the giants had of woke up and got me 6 runs yest. I would of win just as easy is Wiltse did today only of coarse I couldent have no left hand it luck like him. I dident even put a sute on but set and watched the game with some of the africa peopl and I sprung the languige on them and they under stood evry thing I says to them and 1 of them ast me if I come from the south part of the US probily on acct of me haveing black hare and moveing a round slow only I guess theyd see I can get a round fast enough if they seen me bunt 1 and beat it out like I done at Melbourne.</p>
					<p>Well Old pal may be you will get a chanct to see for your self some of the stunts we been puling off over here because this <abbr>a.m.</abbr> we was out on the dessert and a big bldg. called the musk thats owned by L. A. Baster 1 of the roil tease and we was doing stunts for the moveing pitchers all the <abbr>a.m.</abbr> Our pitchers was tooken crosing acrost the dessert on campbells and mules and I road on a mule because there strong enough to carry a big stropping man like I with out geting hurt and no extra humps to lug a round with them. They took pitchers of the wommen to rideing on campbells and its bad enough for the men to be rideing on them but a wommans suposed to be soft hart it and they should ought to be a shamed of them self and I bet you wouldent never catch Florrie puling off stuff like that or I would tell her some thing but some wifes has got there husband Buffalo and dont dare say a word.</p>
					<p>Well Al this here musk is a kind of church only they dont have no mass and dont pray to the Sts. or nothing but its a kind of sex like Dowwie in Chicago only the mans name is Mohammed Alley and he rents the musk from L. A. Baster. Evans says the musk costed 2 or 3 million dollars or a bout a hundred 1000 porus plasters in africa money.</p>
					<p>The man thats runing the moveing pitchers made us all go in the musk and before they would leave us in they says we would ether half to take our shoes off or ware covvers over them and Schaefer says to me You better take your shoes off because if you put an other layyer on them ft. of yours they wont be no room for no body in the musk a long with you. I says the best thing you can do is shut your mouth or Ill put an other layyer on you and lay you out and he shut up.</p>
					<p>Evans says the peopl that bellongs to the sex has to take a bath in the fountun out the side of the musk before they go in so they all do there worse shipping Sat. nights and its a grate site but we wont be here over Sat.</p>
					<p>Well Al we went in the musk and we all had covvers on over our shoes and they rent the covvers to you to go in and then when we got in the side Callahan says that it was customery for 3 peopl in evry party to pay there respecks to Mohammed Alley and who would be the 3 because if you dont do it the sex gets sore at you. So Schaefer and Evans says they would be 2 of the 3 and they picked me out for the other 1 and I and Schaefer and Evans had to lay down on our stumick and wave our arms and kick our legs like we was swiming tho they wasent no more water in the musk then a rabbit or some thing but the sex pertends like they was. Hows that for bugs hey Al. Swiming on a stone floor. Callahan says the sex would probily all of them slide head 1st. if they was ball players on acct of them cralling on there stumick so much in the musk but he was jokeing.</p>
					<p>Evans found out from 1 of the giuds that the place is usuly full of musk rats only they dont dast come out of there holes when theys strangers a round and there some thing like a mush rat only vissus. How would you like to be 1 of the sex Al and go in there and lay on your stumick and have them musk rats biteing at your bear ft. because the sex all ways takes there shoes and sox off and dont ware no covvers. It would make a man say your prairs all right hey Al.</p>
					<p>Well Al we come out of the musk a bout noon and the sun was shinning and Schaefer ast me could I see my shaddow and I says yes of coarse and he says that means wear going to have 6 more wks. of winter because this is the 2 of <abbr>Feb.</abbr> and Evans says what do you mean Jack here aint no ground hog and then I seen what Schaefer was geting at so I says Your a hog your self you bum and I might of tooken a crack at him only on acct of the wommen in the party and when he seen he was going to far he shut his mouth. Some of these would be smart alex aint as smart is they think hey Al.</p>
					<p>So we come back in the town and they was some time to kill yet before the ball game and I and some of the boys went a round to the diffrunt shops and stores and buzzards and Speaker bought me a cap like the peopl wares a round here and most of the boys in the party is wareing them and they call them a fezz and Speaker says he knowed I wouldent never buy 1 for my self tho I look good with it on and he ment I dont care a bout my looks and aint swelled up like a poison pup like some of these would be lady kilers and if I was most of them I wouldent never look in no looking glass on acct of the glass might brake and some of them blowed there money on sweet perfum and I got a lot of it throwed on me and I smell like Martins green house or some thing and if I had to keep primping my self up and soked in perfum to make a hit with the girls Id lay down and die some wheres, but I guess I wouldent have no trouble makeing the girls look at me if they wasent no such a thing like sweet perfum to douse on you.</p>
					<p>Well old pal I might may be write you 1 more letter from here tommorrow but I dont know because theys going to be a party up to the america Council 8 and I got to write 1 of them pones of mine to spring at the party but they wont be no ball game tommorrow but wear libel to be pretty busy because we leave africa the day after tommorrow and I thot of coarse we was going to stay here a wile longer or go to egypt and them other places but no so I will write if I can and if I dont write you will know wear busy. A little more then a mo. now Al and we will be home and I guess Florrie and little A will hate to see the old boy come in that door. Hey Al.</p>
					<footer role="presentation">
						<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">Your pal.</span><br/>
						<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
					</footer>
				</blockquote>
				<blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
					<header role="presentation">
						<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">Cairo. Africa. <abbr>Feb.</abbr> 3.</p>
					</header>
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Al</b>: Well Al here I am writeing you an other letter today and I dident know weather I would have time or not and I realy aint got much time but I got some good news and I cant wait til tommorow on the Ship bord but will write to you a bout it now and male the letter before we leave.</p>
					<p>Well old Pal it looks like my bad lucks over and I wont have no more bad luck but good luck from now on and thats what Im going to tell you a bout it.</p>
					<p>When we was comeing a way from the party this <abbr>p.m.</abbr> I and steve Evans was to gather and he says well what have you boughten here in Cairo to take home to the family and I says I havent boughten nothing because I havent saw nothing that was worth a plaster and he says well if you aint boughten nothing for your family what did you buy for your self and I says I dident buy nothing and he says Your a sucker to not buy nothing here where evry things a bargun and you cant make no miss take what ever you buy. So I says Well I dont want none of there barguns because they dont sell nothing that I want or got no use for it.</p>
					<p>Then he dident say nothing for a wile and finely he says I wonder if I could find him now and I says what are you talking a bout and he says O I dident know I says any thing out loud but I was just thinking so I says What was you thinking a bout and he says he dident like to tell me because he might may be not be able to find the man and then I would be dissapointed. So I says What man was you looking for and he says Well I will tell you a bout it but if we cant get a hold of him again you musent get dissapointed and I says no I wouldent and then he sprung it on me.</p>
					<p>Well Al it seems that the 1st. day we was in Cairo he was walking down the st. a lone and he run in to a africa man standing on the coroner and the man called him to 1 side and ast him did he want the biggist bargun that a man ever got and Evans says what was it and the man says he had a scarab from Cops tume and Cops was the chief of police here in Cairo 4 thousend yrs. a go. A scarab Al is a bug thats turned to stone and use to be a live like any bug but most bugs when they die mole a way til they aint nothing left of them but a scarab gets hard and the longer they been dead the harder they get.</p>
					<p>Well Al theys only a bout a ½ a doz. scarabs in the world and they averige $50.00 dollars a peace is what it costs to get them and of coarse they wouldent no body be a sucker enough to pay $50.00 for a dead bug but scarabs is some thing more then plane bugs. There luck peaces Al and the man that owns 1 cant never have no real bad luck but nothing but good luck all the wile. This scarab that the africa man had was the only 1 in the world from Cops tume and Evans says Cops was the luckest man in africa because he dide 4 thousend yrs. a go.</p>
					<p>So Evans says to the man Leave me see your scarab and the man showed it to him but made him stand a way from him far enough so as Evans couldent knock him down and take it a way from him but Evans seen in a min. that it was a real scarab and not no fake so he ast the man what would he take for it and the man says ½ a porus plaster or a bout $10.00 and Evans ast him why was he selling it so cheap and the man says he picked it up in the st. and it dident bellong to him and he was hard up and out of work and he couldent find the man or womman that losted it and so he would half to sell it and get what he could for it.</p>
					<p>So at 1st. Evans was going to buy it off of him and then he thot to him self that he dident need no luck peace because hed been playing right clost to the right field seats in <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">St.</abbr> Louis and nothing never hapened to him and he says thats the most dangerus place in the world to play and besides hes left hand it and what more could a man ask and besides he couldent a ford to spend no more money on the trip so he told the man no he couldent buy the scarab and the man says your makeing a big miss take and Evans says Could I buy it and give it to 1 of my friends or sell it and the man says No because if you done that it would contract the charm. Well Evans told him he was sorry but he couldent buy it and the man says all right and Evans come a way and left him.</p>
					<p>So he was telling me a bout it when we come a way from the party and he says It just hit me all at onct that you was the man that should ought to have it because if you had a little bit of luck a long with the stuff you got they couldent no body beat you but I dont know weather I can find the man or not or if hes may be sold it all ready. So I says Where was he standing at and Evans says he was down to the coroner of 4th and Olive st. and I says I dident know where that was so Evans says he would take me there but he kept warrening me all the way that the man had probily sold the scarab or we couldent find him but any way we husseled down there and sure enough the man was still standing there yet and I could see that Evans was telling me the truth because when he spoke to the man the man ansered back and he certunly looked hard up Al and like he need it money.</p>
					<p>So Evans ast him right off if he still had that scarab yet and the man says witch 1 and Evans says the 1 from Cops tume that you was showing me and says you would sell for ½ a porus plaster and besides you havent only got 1. So the man says yes and dugged down in his pocket and come up with it and its the funnest looking thing you ever see Al and it looks some thing like a bug only hard and no wings or nothing on it and Evans says to the man It was gray when you showed it to me the other day and the man says yes and now its green because its older then it was and the older they get they turn green. So Evans ast me did I want to buy it and I says I dident know and he says whats the matter dont you beleive what I been telling you and I says yes and he says well then whats the matter so I had to come out and tell him that I dident have no money a long with me.</p>
					<p>Well Evans says he dident have no money nether or he would lone me some and it looked like we would half to pass it up but finely Evans ast the man if he would be there at 7 a clock and the man says yes he would and Evans ast me if I knowed where I could borry the money and I says yes I could get some off of Callahan or Comiskey or Mcgraw so we fixed it up that we was to go back to the hotel and get the money and meet the man at 7 a clock so I and Evans went back to the Hotel as fast is we could and Callahan was the 1st. 1 I run in to so Evans left me and I went up and ast Callahan could I have ½ a porus plaster and he says Get a hole 1 and charg it to the club whats the matter have you got a cold so I seen he over herd me and I says No I dont want no medisin what I want is $10.00 so he says Thats diffrunt and he give it to me.</p>
					<p>Well Al I was a scared the man would of ducked and may be sold the scarab before we got back but no he was there and I pertended like I thot the price was pretty steap and ast him couldent he come down a little and sure enough Al he come down to $7.50 and I thot Evans would fall over. So I took the scarab and stuck it in my pockit and kept my hand on it all the way back to the hotel and we wasent no sooner a way from where the man was that sold it to me and then Evans says Well your lucks started all ready when you can get a bargun like that and it was a grate bargun at $10.00 dollars and you got it for $7.50 and you should ought to buy the ciggars so we stoped in at a place on the way back to the Hotel and I bought him a ciggar but I been smokeing to much latily so I dident get none for my self.</p>
					<p>Well old pal I cant hardily wait til we get to where ever it is wear going next and play an other ball game and I will get Mcgraw to leave me pitch it and I will show these birds what I can do when I got some luck a long with me and I wisht I could pitch a city serious game against the cubs before I loose the scarab but of coarse I aint going to loose it Al and I would like to see some body try and get it a way from me and Evans says I better not tell no body a bout haveing it or they might some body steal it off of me.</p>
					<p>Well if they do Al they will have a fight on there hands. But Evans promussed to not tell no body and of coarse thats the best plan to keep it to our self and leave them wonder what I done with the jinks thats been chaseing me ever since I bust it in to the big league and I wisht Id of had this here scarab all the wile I been pitching ball and Id of made Mathewson or any body else record look sick.</p>
					<p>So when we got back to the Hotel I run in to larry Doyle and Donlin and told them a bout the big bargun I got and they both promussed to not say nothing so some body will get a big supprise the next time I get a chanct to pitch and Callahan will wisht more then ever that he hadent never loned me to the giants for the trip.</p>
					<p>Of coarse Al this aint nothing like a 4 leave clover or a horse shoe or 1 of them things that peopl thinks is lucky but I dont beleive theys any thing in them things but this here scarabs a diffrunt thing and they aint no ? a bout it or they wouldent ask them prices for it $50.00 a peace because thats the reglar price and just think of me geting a hold of 1 for $7.50 but you couldent get no $50.00 a peace for a 4 leave clover or a horse shoe but you could buy all you wanted of them for $1.00 and that shows they aint realy nothing to the bunk a bout them being lucky.</p>
					<p>Well Al I got the old scarab hid a way where they wont no body find it and I cant do nothing but wait til we get to where ever wear head it and play an other game and then we will see weather its a fake or not but I guess they aint no fak a bout it hey Al.</p>
					<p>Well Al I got to be geting to bed because we leave here in the <abbr>a.m.</abbr> and I been going some today and need a good rest but I couldent wait til tommorow to tell you a bout my luck and I know it will be good news to you. And I supose I might as well tell you what else we done today and it wont take long.</p>
					<p>This <abbr>a.m.</abbr> we was drove a round town and done some more site seen and I guess we certunly seen evry thing they is to see in the 3 days we been in Cairo and I can get a long all the rest of my life with out seen no more musks and desserts. This <abbr>p.m.</abbr> we was tooken up to the america Council 8 like I told you and had a party and stuff to eat and drink and I talked the pone off wile we was eating and its a pone I wrote to spring at this party and I will coppy it down so as you can see what I hand it them:</p>
					<blockquote epub:type="z3998:poem">
						<p>
							<span>Wear going to leave Cairo</span>
							<br/>
							<span>and Boys we hate to leave</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Youve showed us a grand good time</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Is why we hate to leave.</span>
						</p>
						<p>
							<span>I pitched a game in the sand</span>
							<br/>
							<span>And so it was no supprise</span>
							<br/>
							<span>That I couldent win my game</span>
							<br/>
							<span>With the sand blowing in my eyes.</span>
						</p>
						<p>
							<span>I done pretty good I think</span>
							<br/>
							<span>to hold them to a tie</span>
							<br/>
							<span>When I couldent see where was I pitching</span>
							<br/>
							<span>On acct of the sand in my eyes.</span>
						</p>
						<p>
							<span>We seen the Pyrmids and spinix</span>
							<br/>
							<span>and all they was to see</span>
							<br/>
							<span>The desserts and musk and campbells</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Was a mung the things we seen.</span>
						</p>
						<p>
							<span>Good by boys we will you remmember</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Your well come has been grate</span>
							<br/>
							<span>And we will all ways remmember</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Cairo and the boys of Council 8.</span>
						</p>
					</blockquote>
					<p>I would of gave them more bull a bout there lodge only I for got to find out weather they was K.C.s or elks or what was they but any way the peace I give them made a big hit and the america Council him self was tickeled to deth and Schaefer says it was the best Id wrote yet and Im geting better right a long.</p>
					<p>Well Al thats a bout all they is to tell because I all ready told you what I done after the party and that was when I and Evans got the scarab. We leave here tommorow <abbr>a.m.</abbr> on a train and go to Alexander and from there we get on an other boat and go some wheres else and I wisht we was going to play 1 game in Alexander before we get on the Ship bord so as I could try out my luck peace and after this Wiltse and Leverenz and them other left hand it stiffs wont have nothing on me for luck and I will show Allen some thing when I get back home.</p>
					<p>When he sees I got some luck to go a long with the rest of my stuff he will probily jump the league if he aint been canned by Comiskey all ready by wirelest telegram. O you little scarab.</p>
					<footer role="presentation">
						<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">Your pal.</span><br/>
						<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
					</footer>
				</blockquote>
			</section>
		</article>
	</body>
</html>
