<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>The Busher Abroad: Part I</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<article id="the-busher-abroad-part-II" epub:type="se:short-story">
			<h2 epub:type="title">The Busher Abroad: Part II</h2>
            <blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
                <header role="presentation">
                    <p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">on the Ship bord. Dec. 8.</p>
                </header>
                <p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Friend Al</b>: Well old Pal wear threw with japan and now wear on our way to china and we just left kobe a bout 2 hrs. a go and I been laying down takeing a rest for a bout 1 hr. and ½ because I dident get no sleep last night. the 2 ball clubs and the reporters thats a long with us stuck in Yokohama and tokio yest. and played a couple games out to the collige wile the rest of the party come over to Kobe on the Ship bord and I wisht Mcgraw and Callahan had of left me come with the rest of the party and then I would of got a nights rest but insted of that I had to stick a round with the ball players tho I just pitched only the day before yest. and all as I did yest. was watch them play and hit a few fungos and then we had to take the train from tokio to Kobe last night and thats why I dident get no rest because the births on this here japan train wasent never build for no big stropping man like I but was build for little scrimps like Bush of the Detroit club or may be some dorf out of a Muzeem. They was a bout 5 ft. in lenth and may be 1 ft. in breath and I tride to lay in 1 of them and got all cramped up and steve Evans come a long by my birth and says what was the matter and I says I guess Id half to cut my legs off a bout the knees to lay in this here birth and he says You better cut off some thing you dont use. Cut off your head. I guess he ment how could I stand in the box and pitch or run a round the bases when I got a hold of 1 if I dident have no legs. well I give up trying to sleep and got up and set up all night and onct in a wile I took a little nap seting up but a man dont get no real rest when you set up. And all as it took us to get from tokio to Kobe was 14 hrs. and its a bout as far like it is from Chicago to Detroit. Well Al Im glad we dont have these here japan R.R. in the american League or we would be ½ the season going from Boston to st. Louis. </p>

                <p>well we finely got to Kobe but 1st. I want to tell you a bout the banquit the night before last night and a bout the games yest. The banquit was gave by americans that live in Yokohama the poor suckers and evry body made speeches and finely I was ast to get up and resite my pone only Id wrote it in such a hurry that they wasent no lenth to it but pretty good at that and I will coppy it off: </p>
                <blockquote epub:type="z3998:poem">
                    <p>
                        <span>The White Sox and the N.Y. giants </span>
                        <br/>
                        <span>Are going a round the world. </span>
                        <br/>
                        <span>play games in the diffrunt countrys </span>
                        <br/>
                        <span>All a round the world. </span>
                    </p>
                    <p>
                        <span>We played a game this P.M. </span>
                        <br/>
                        <span>And I pitched for the N.Y. team </span>
                        <br/>
                        <span>but the luck of the base ball game </span>
                        <br/>
                        <span>Broke against me it seems. </span>
                    </p>
                    <p>
                        <span>I went in there with a sore arm </span>
                        <br/>
                        <span>And couldent raze it a bove my head. </span>
                        <br/>
                        <span>But Mcgraw ast I should pitch. </span>
                        <br/>
                        <span>what more could be said. </span>
                    </p>
                    <p>
                        <span>Next time I face against the White Sox </span>
                        <br/>
                        <span>I hope I will be in form </span>
                        <br/>
                        <span>And then we will see what hapens</span> 
                        <br/>
                        <span>When theys 0 the matter with my arm. </span>
                    </p>
                    <p>
                        <span>But now we all want to say </span>
                        <br/>
                        <span>Your well come to us is grate </span>
                        <br/>
                        <span>and we will tell the boys how kind you were </span>
                        <br/>
                        <span>In the United States. </span>
                    </p>
                </blockquote>
                <p>Well Al it brot down the Hotel where the banquit was at and it looked for a minut like Id half to get up and say it over but they seen I was all tired out from working 9 inn. with my arm in such shape like that so they left me set down. we got to bed late and it certunly felt fine sleeping in a bed on the dry ground and not no Ocean water under you and sharks atacking the Ship. I over slept my self and wasent up yest. A.M. when the rest of the party left on the Ship bord for Kobe and I had to hussle to get drest in time to go out to the collige and in the A.M. Callahan and Mcgraw picked a team out from all the ball players and played against the japan collige team and they played ball just a bout like all the collige teams I ever seen and I was glad I wasent in there pitching against them or I would of felt like a murder. our club beat them 16 to 3 and it could of been 100 and then we ett our lunch at the collige and in the P. M. the White Sox give the giants an other triming and the score was 12 to 9 and if I couldent win a game with 9 runs behind me I would quite pitching and shin shoes or some thing. But some of these here pitchers havent got nothing but there name and a dress and Hern that pitched for the N. Y. giants says he had a sore arm but where would he get a sore arm when he hadent did nothing for 2 wks. accept sale acrost the Ocean. I guess probily a fish bit his arm hey Al. Some of these here would be a pitchers all ways have a alley buy when they loose a ball game and when they loose a ball game it aint never there falt but its some body else falt or they got a sore arm or a pane in there stumick or some thing.</p>
                <p>but I wisht you could of been out there and seen the way the peopl act it and they wasent no seats for them in the bleachers but they set down on mats with there legs under them like a taylor or some thing and they dident holler like a reglar crowd and I guess may be they was dissapointed on acct of me not pitching and the peopl that wasent out there the day before when I pitched was sore but at that I shouldent never ought to of went in there the way my arm was. Well after the game we road a round and seen the sites and had supper and then we catched the train for Kobe like I told you a bout only we could of let the train get 50 miles from the town and then ran after it and catched it.</p>
                <p>We got in Kobe at 9 a clock A.M. this morning and most of the boys made a monkey of them self buying Kumonnas to take home to there wife and other junk but Florries all ready got 2 Kumonnas that must be O.K. because she wares them all the wile so I dident buy nothing and I was glad of it after words because just before we was leaveing this P. M. all the ladys in the party was gave a baskit of flowers and I got 1 to and I will ship it to Florrie from china and I guess thats better then Kumonnas. The rest of the party got to Kobe a bout noon and we joined them on the Ship bord and now wear all to gather again bound tords china. we will still be on the Ship bord yet for 2 more days and I will write you an other letter tommorow and male the both of them this 1 and the 1 I write tommorow to gather. </p>
                <footer role="presentation">
					<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">Your pal.</span><br/>
					<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
				</footer>
            </blockquote>
            <blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
                <header role="presentation">
                    <p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">on the Ship bord. Dec. 10.</p>
                </header>
                <p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Old Pal</b>: Well old Pal I dident write you no letter yest. on acct of us landing and I dident know we was going to land any wheres but we land it at a place name Naggasak or some thing in the P. M. and fooled a round til a bout 2 a clock this A.M. and I got in to my birth a bout 3 and now its pretty near noon and I just got threw with my breakfast. </p>
                <p>we stoped at this here Naggasak to buy some cole for the Ship because wear libel to run in to some cold weather at china and they say this here place we stoped at it is the fastest coleing station in the world and we stood on the porch a long wile watching them put cole on the Ship bord and they must of been a 1000000 japans men wommen and childern passing cole up the side of the Ship bord and the wommen was the mens wife and there childern and what do you think of a man that would make his wife and childern work a long with him and it would be just like as if I was to make Florrie and little Al help me only of coarse I dont need no help when Im pitching. </p>
                <p>Then they was a bunch of pedlers come on the Ship bord and tride to sell us some more junk and some of the boys fell for it but Im going to hold on to my money til theys some thing worth spending for it and not no Turtles shells like the boys was buying today and when you get them what can you do with them and they aint no more use then if I was to throw a spit ball when my fast 1 and my curve is working good. And some of the boys took a ride a round the town but I stuck here on the Ship bord and rest it. dutch Schaefer come in to my birth room last night and we laughed and joked and I rosted him a bout he not knowing that the R.R. was not runing no more from japan to the US and he took my kiding O.K. because I dident make it to raw. And he seen the baskit of flowers in my birth room and ast me what was I going to do with them and I says what do you supose Im going to do with them eat them and he says No I thot may be you was going leave them go to seed and then plow your shirt boozem up and start a garden and I says No Im not going to start no garden but Im going to male them home partial post to my wife from china and Schaefer says she will be glad to get them but you better write a note on the out side of the packige and tell the male carier to water them evry day or 2 on the way over so Schaefer raped up the flowers for me in a packige and left a hole in it so as theys a place to sqirt water on them and wrote on the out side for the male man to water them only of coarse it will be a hole lot of diffrunt male men that handles them before they get to Chicago and Schaefer wrote the note in china japan and englich so as they would all under stand it and may be they wont have time to put no water on them but if they dont Florrie wont care when she gets them because she will see Im thinking a bout her water or no water.</p>
                <p>Well Al it looks like I would starve wile wear in china because I wont be able to eat none of there meat because Schaefer says all as they have is chop suye and over here in china they put rats in it and I says Well you wont get me to eat no chop suye with rats in it and Schaefer says Well then you will starve to deth because thats all you will get in the line of meat and did you ever taste rats and I says No and I wont never taste them nether and Schaefer says you dont know what your mising because when a rats been plucked and the rat poson tooken out of there cistern they aint no sweeter meat you can get a hold of accept may be mole stake. But I dont care weather its sweet or saur you wont catch me eating no rat meat and may be seting up my stumick again. </p>
                <p>Schaefer and Evans has been lerning me a few words in china and there harder to lern then the japan words and hapened to be a lone by my self a way from the rest of the I only lerned a few just enough to get a long with if I party. When you want to say Wheres the Hotel you say Lie Hung Schang only of coarse that aint the fellow that catchs for the Athaletics and if a man pitched right to him he wouldent hit 1 out of the infield. And when you want to say how do do to 1 of them you say Chink Chink china man and if they ast me what position do I play I say Me velly bushy and that means Im a pitcher and if they ast me what club am I with I say Chi White sockee Tong. And when you want to say good by to them you say Go helly. Aint them crazy words Al and a man that lerns the hole languige must be a wonder only of coarse some of them dont never lern nothing else but beggins to talk china when there still babys yet but Im glad little Al wont half to lern to talk by talking china because it must be hard enough for a baby to lern plane englich when your nothing but a baby. </p>
                <p>Well Al may be I can eat a little some thing now and Im going to eat all as I can hold before we get to china where I wont be able to eat no meat and for all as I know they put some thing in there potatos to may be gravey made out of parish green or some thing. </p>
                <p>Tommorow we will be in Schang High and I will write you what comes off and I will male this here letter Im writeing now a long with the other 1 I all ready wrote from Schang High and the flowers for Florrie. </p>
                <footer role="presentation">
					<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">Your pal.</span><br/>
					<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
				</footer>
            </blockquote>
            <blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">

                <header role="presentation">
                    <p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">on the Ship bord. Dec. 12.</p>
                </header>
                <p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Al</b>: Well Al wear all threw with Schang High and now wear on our way to Honk Honk and we left Schang High last night and was only there 1 day and we get to Honk Honk the next day after tommorow and we stay there 1 day and then wear threw with china for good and I will be glad of it on acct of you cant eat nothing in china with out your takeing a chanct of geting posoned and Im glad we can have the most of our meals on the Ship bord because I wont eat none of that china dope and the rest of them can be suckers if they have a mind.</p>
                <p>Well we got in to Wooze Hung yest. A.M. and then we got off of the Umpires of japan and got a bord of the tender boat and road to Schang High and we got there a bout ½ past 10 in the A.M. and they was a comitty to meet us down to the Doc and they was members of the china amature B. B. league and Evans says to me Well you should ought to feel at home a round here and I says Why and he says because theys so many amature ball players and they took us up to the aster House Hotel and we ett our lunch there and then we was geting ready for the game but Mcgraw made the miss take and told Callahan that I was going to pitch and Callahan ast me how did my arm feel and I says it felt grate. It beggin to sprinkle a few drops and Callahan called the game off and I guess you know why Al because if I had of went in there feeling good I would of made them look like a rummy and Callahan portended like he was sorry a bout the rain but if it hadent of rained I bet he would of hired the fire dept. to go out and wet the grounds up so as we couldent play. It shows you Al that Callahan knows how lucky the White Sox was to beat me in tokio and I bet by now Callahans sore he ever lended me to Mcgraw for this trip. </p>
                <p>Well when the game was called off we went a round the town site seen and that shows you how much it was raining and if the sun had of been shineing Callahan would of said it was to hot to play or some thing but they wont be excusses for him all the wile and may be tommorow I will be able to get in there and give them a showing up and Im glad that the White Sox is not the reglar White Sox but some out siders a long with them because I would not feel like pitching my best against my own club.</p>
                <p>Yest. P. M. we seen the sites as I say and after words they ast us to have some lunch in the Hotel only they call it tifin and thats because there a shamed to call it lunch on acct of the stuff they give you and I was hungery as a bare but I wouldent of ett nothing if I had of been starved to deth and they dident have no meat just sand witchs and cake and that stuff and I thot may be it might be all O.K. but Schaefer says the sand witchs was made from out of poson ivey only it aint as posen is the kind at home and dont have no affect on some peopl but it pretty near kills other people and Schaefer says he had tride it before and it dident hurt him but it might may be hurt me a little only he did not think it would hurt me much but I wasent going to take no chance. And the cakes was frost it with leather from the china landry soap Schaefer told me. But he says it wasent nothing like the soap at home and why dident I try some and I says No thanks I dont care for no soap and he says I thot so. Then he says Why dont you talk china to some of these peopl and I says a few words to them in china and they just set there and did not say nothing with there mouth open like a fish or some thing. So when we was leaveing I says Go helly and Callahan says you better be care full or some body will stick a knife in to you talking like that way and then I told him what it ment and he had to laugh at him self because he thot I was insulting them or some thing. </p>
                <p>Well Al when we get to Honk Honk we will be threw with the Umpires of japan thats the Ship we been rideing on ever since we left the US and the capt of the Ships going to give us a fair well banquit tommorow night and he should ought to do some thing after us giveing him them tips when we got off of the boat at Yokohama and Evans says wear suposed to give the capt and the rest of the crews some more tips when we say good by to the Ship at Honk Honk but I cant do that on acct of all the money I got is japan money and if the Ship is going back to the US after it leaves us what would the crews do with yen and sen but insted of giveing them some more tips Im going to write an other of my pones to speak at the banquit and before I get threw Al I guess I will be able to write poultry as good is I pitch. Only this time insted of a pone a bout our party or the trip I will pay a complimunt to the capt and the crews of the Ship.</p>
                <p>So long old Pal for this time. </p>
                <footer role="presentation">
					<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">your Pal.</span><br/>
					<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
				</footer>
            </blockquote>
            <blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">

                <header role="presentation">
                    <p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">on the Ship bord. Dec. 16.</p>
                </header>
                <p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Friend Al</b>: Well Al I guess its a bout time I was writeing you a letter again and I promused I would write 1 evry day but the day after I wrote you the last time we was busy packing up our stuff to get off of the Umpires of Japan and then that night they was the banquit and the next day we was in Honk Honk and we all had to get our self vaxinated and that night we got a bord of this boat the St. Allbums and now wear on our way to Vanila and the Philip Bean ilands and I would of wrote you yest. only I got lonesom thinking a bout Florrie and little Al and just think Al I havent herd nothing from them since we was in Yokohama and then it was 2d. hand it you might say. Some of the boys got some male in Honk Honk but letters has got to be a drest in china hand writeing when you get them there and Florrie dont know nothing a bout that so probily she wrote me a letter there and I dident get it but I will may be get 1 in Vanila. Or they may be dead for all as I know. But any way I sent them some post cards from Honk Honk.</p>
                <p>Well Al I will tell you whats been going on since the last time I wrote to you and 1st. comes the banquit that the capt of the Umpires of japan give us and they was the usul speechs and storys and Schaefer and the boys sung a song and then I got up and pulled what Id wrote a bout the capt and the crews and I will coppy it down.</p>
                <blockquote epub:type="z3998:poem">
                    <p>
                        <span>Boys its time to say good by</span>
                        <br/>
                        <span>To the capt and the crews </span>
                        <br/>
                        <span>of the Umpires of japan </span>
                        <br/>
                        <span>Evry 1 of them a man. </span>
                    </p>
                    <p>
                        <span>They give us grand treatmunt </span>
                        <br/>
                        <span>Wile we was on the bord of there Ship</span>
                        <br/>
                        <span>And add to the plessure</span>
                        <br/>
                        <span>Of the grate B.B. trip. </span>
                    </p>
                    <p>
                        <span>Wear sorry to leave you boys </span>
                        <br/>
                        <span>You done the best you could </span>
                        <br/>
                        <span>And if any miss takes was made. </span>
                        <br/>
                        <span>You was doing the best you could. </span>
                    </p>
                    <p>
                        <span>A man cant do evry thing. </span>
                        <br/>
                        <span>Thats not to be expected. </span>
                        <br/>
                        <span>And as long as you was trying </span>
                        <br/>
                        <span>what more could be expected. </span>
                    </p>
                    <p>
                        <span>So by gones is by gones boys </span>
                        <br/>
                        <span>And now that we must part. </span>
                        <br/>
                        <span>We wish you all the luck in the world </span>
                        <br/>
                        <span>Is the wish from the bottom of my heart. </span>
                    </p>
                </blockquote>
                <p>Well Al I thot they wouldent never stop yeling when I got threw and the capt got up out of his seat and thanked me and says he appresiated my pone more then the tip I give him when we got off of the Ship at Yokohama and he was all choked up when he was talking and I guess some of the wommen in the party broke down and cride because I could hear them snuffeling and the banquit broke up after that and we all went to bed to get some sleep and the next morning when we woke up we was at Honk Honk and geting ready to land when some brittich oficers clumb on the bord of the Ship and says we all got to be vaxinated just like we was all kids or some thing and Mcgraw and Callahan made a kick but the oficers says they was small Pox in Honk Honk and did we want to get a hold of it so we all had to get vaxinated and I says I did not feel like pitching the game that P. M. so I thot I would stay on the bord of the Ship but come to find out we couldent stay on the Ship on acct of it leaveing us there so I had to get off and I feel O.K. so far Al and I guess I dident catch no small Pox or nothing because here its been 2 days since we was in Honk Honk and not no marks on me accept the spot where I was vaxinated at. </p>
                <p>Well we went to the Hotel and the boys ett there lunch and I did not eat nothing and Callahan says Why not and says You must think Im a rummy or some thing and its bad enough to eat them rats and things when they aint got small Pox on them and he says I wisht you was as care full a bout your pitching as you are a bout evry thing else and I says You will see weather I can pitch or not pitch this P. M. and he shut up. But Mcgraw wouldent leave me pitch the game on acct of them not chargeing no money to get in to the park and besides most of the people out to the game was brittich solders from england and Mcgraw says he would not waist me on people that did not under stand the game and besides that did not pay to get in so I set on the bench and the giants beat the White Sox 7 to 4 and thats the 1st game the giants has win on the trip since we left the US and they was lucky to win this 1 and shouldent never ought to of scored only Scott pitched against them and dident have nothing but his glove. </p>
                <p>Well after the game we got on the tender boat and went out and got on this boat the St. Allbums and started for Vanila and when I come to put on my evening dress cloths for supper I found out I dident have no dress shirt and I looked all over the place for it and finely Callahan loned me 1 of his and hes got 2 of them but Id like to know whot be come of mine and if some body run off with it and steve Evans say Dident you make a miss take and leave it in 1 of them landrys at Honk Honk and I says No I did not and he says may be 1 of them brittich oficers seen it and sent it to the pest house thinking it had small pox on acct of the white spots on it but he was just jokeing and ether some cheap stiff copped on to it or else it was stole. I guess I was swareing and cusing a little a bout it and Evans says do you feel bad a bout it and I says Yes why not and he says Well you want to remember that the man that got it feels a hole lot worst. He ment he was probily a shamed of him self. Callahans shirt is O.K. accept its like mine and hasent got no buttons in the boozem nothing but button holes and the man or who ever was it that took my shirt took a long then little black tax that you get from the landry and I buttoned my own shirt with them and I have not got none of them left to stick in Callahans shirt but my neck ty covers the boozem all most up.</p>
                <p>Well Al I certunly put some thing over on the rest of the bunch Al and I bet theyll be sore when they find it out. All the rest of them got there japan money changed to US money at Honk Honk because US money is the reglar money in the Philip Bean ilands and now come to find out the japan money is worth 4 times its reglar price in the Philip Bean ilands and they will give me $10.00 dollars for what I got and in japan and china it isent only worth $2 and ½. Evans was teling me a bout it tonight and he wanted I should sell him my 5 yens for $8.00 and I told him to go and take a jump in to the Ocean only it aint no Ocean but the china Sea wear rideing threw now. I guess Im a rummy or something hey Al.</p>
                <p>Well we get to Vanila tommorow and theys a hole lot of americans there and Mcgraws promused Im going to pitch and my arm feels grate. I cant hardily wait til we get to Vanila not on acct of me going to pitch but I bet may be theyll surely be a letter for me. </p>
                <footer role="presentation">
					<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">Your old pal.</span><br/>
					<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
				</footer>
            </blockquote>
            <blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
                <header role="presentation">
                    <p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">on the Ship bord. Dec. 17.</p>
                </header>
                <p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Al</b>: What time do you think it is Al and here I am write ing you a letter at ½ past 6 in the morning and we will be in Vanila in 2 hrs. Well Al weve had some exitemunt on the bord and I been up since 5 and now its to late to go back to bed again so Im writeing you this letter to tell you what come off. </p>
                <p>steve Evans come to my room about 5 and awoke me up and says let me in so I got up and let him in and he come in and slamed the door and locked it and I says Whats the matter is they bergers on the boat and he says No theys some thing worst then bergers and he was so scarred he couldent say nothing for a while. And then he told me what it was and heres what it was Al. 1 of the night watch men was going by dutch Schaefers birth room a bout ½ past 4 and he herd some thing in there and he tride the door and the door come open and he went in and Schaefer was sqeeking like a rat and nawing on the door and when the watch man come in Schaefer sqeeked at him and tride to bite him and the watch come runin out and for got to shut the door and Schaefer come out after him and chassed him and the watch men got a way and then Schaefer run to Evans room and done some more sqeeking out side of the door and Evans got up and come out and seen who was it and Schaefer made a grab at him like he was going to bite him and Evans got back in his room and locked the door and then hollered threw the key hole and ast Schaefer what was the matter. And Schaefer says they wasent nothing the matter but he must have some cheese. So then Evans come and give me warning and says I should keep my door locked because it was me Schaefer was after and I dident believe it at 1st. but pretty soon sure enough we herd a noise out side of the door and sqeeking like a rat and Evans says he would open the door and see if he could catch Schaefer and lock him up and Evans started for the door to unlock it open and I grabbed him and throwed him on to the bed and set on him and pretty soon some body hollered in from out side of the door and says evry thing was O.K. and the Dr. had got a hold of Schaefer and tooken him to his room. So I got off of Evans and opened the door and Joe Farrell come in and says the danger was all over and we ast him what was the matter and he told us what the Dr. says and the Dr. says Schaefer must of got some rat poson from that meat he was eating in Honk Honk but the Dr. give him some anicdotes and he was all O.K. now but if he had went a little longer before the Dr. got a hold of him he would of had a bad atack of what they call rat hiderofobeya and he might of bit some body else and they would of got it and pretty soon every body on the bord of the Ship would of been contajus. You see Al what suckers them fellows was that ett that china dope and may be it was the poson ivey in them sand witchs only of coarse it must of been the chop suy or he wouldent of sqeeked like a rat and nawed at them bords. We made up our mind that we wouldent say nothing a bout it to the wommen in the party because what would be the use scarring them now its all over and wommens libel to have histerks when they get scarred and there scarred easy no matter how many big stropping men like I they got on the Ship bord to see that nothing dont hapen to them. And wear not going to say nothing to Schaefer a bout it on acct of the Dr. teling us that he probily never knowed what come off but thot he was in bed all the wile and Evans wanted I should go in and help Schaefer pack his things up but I told him a bout me haveing to write you this letter and besides Schaefer probily got packed up before he went to bed. But it shows you what suckers they was Al eating that chop suy and I wisht I was to your house in Bedford to get my breakfast this A.M. and in joying some of Berthas Pan cakes that they aint no poson ivey or rats in it. Only just sour milk and suggar and butter and what ever else they is in it. We must be geting pretty clost to Vanila and I will half to get my things to gather. </p>
                <footer role="presentation">
					<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">Your pal.</span><br/>
					<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
				</footer>
            </blockquote>
            <blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
                <header role="presentation">
                    <p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">on the Ship bord. Dec. 19.</p>
                </header>
                <p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Old Pal</b>: Well wear on the Ocean again after being around Vanila for 2 days and so much come off that it will take me a long wile to tell you all a bout it but 1st. and 4 most I want to tell you a bout the ball game and probily you will see it in the papers because we got 2 reporters a long with us but they will give me the worst of it like usul and I want you should know the truth. This here Mcgraw dont know no more a bout manageing a ball club than a rabbit or some thing and he must of had a hole lot of luck to win all them penants only the day before yest. he dident have none of the luck because the White Sox had all of it. You see Al the air in the Philip Bean ilands is all ways muggy and it gets the ball wet and damp and heavy and a man cant brake his curve good and your fast 1 wont hop for you. So Mcgraw should ought to of picked Faber or Wiltse or this here Hern to pitch because they havent none of them got nothing any way so what diffrunts does it make if the airs muggy but take a man like I and the balls got to feel light in your hands or I cant get no hop on it or brake my curve sharp. I had a nosion to tell Mcgraw a bout it before the game ever started but I seen what a bunch of americans they was out to the park and I says to my self rather then dissapoint the crowd I will go in there and stall threw the game but I knowed all the wile that I wouldent be no good and not have nothing. But I went in there and I seen right a way that my speed and hook wasent no good on acct of the air so I just slopped them up there slow 1 after slow 1 and of coarse when you give them a slow 1 all the time theyll finely crack 1 on you unlest you mix them up with your curve and fast 1 and I couldent do that on acct of the air and honest Al the ball felt like 1 of these here shots that them collige willy boys put in there athaletic meats. But at that they had to have a horse shoe to score off of me and it wasent none of Callahans own men that done nothing but the guys he got off of the other clubs to make the trip and if it had of been the real White Sox I could of shut them out even if the ball had of been heavy is Ping Bodie.</p>
                <p>Well Al we went a long neck in neck for 5 inings and then Benz give Larry Doyle a fast 1 right over the middle and Larry busted it inside of 1st base and then Daly has a boot and Slight gets a past ball and we score and I supose evry body thot I would win easy with 1 run because they dident know nothing a bout me not being able to use my fast 1 or hook so in the 7th. Doyle and Merkle booted a couple behind me and put 2 on and they was 2 out and Crawford come up and I looked over to the bench and sined to Mcgraw should I walk him and Mcgraw shook his head no so what could I do but stick them over there with out no more on them then little Al when hes takeing a bath only of coarse he dont take no bath but some body gives them to him. So Crawford gets a hold of 1 and busts it to right field and it should ought to of been a single and only 1 run scored but this here Indian Thorp thot he had to kick it all over the park to show the Philip Beans what a foot ball player he is and before the ball come back Crawford was on 3d. base and the other 2 had scored and we was a run behind and thats how it wound up but we could of tide it up in the 9th. when Doolan was on 3d. base and 2 down and my turn to hit and Mcgraw takes me out and sends up this here left hander Wiltse and he popped up and the game was over and honest Al if I couldent hit what Benz was throwing up there and brake down the fence I would take my uneform off and sell it to a old cloths man or charitty. I been reading a bout this here Mcgraw and what a grate mgr. and all that ever since I was a ft. high and come to find out he dont know no more a bout manageing then 1 of these here waiters and if you dont give them a $.25 cent tip they get sore and next time you come in to there place there libel to stick parish green in your soup bold.</p>
                <p>Then they was an other game yest. besides the 1 the day before yest. and the White Sox win the game yest. to and they played it in the rain because Callahan knowed I had pitched the day before so they wasent no chanct of me pitching again but if theyd been a chanct of me pitching you can bet he would of called the game off on acct of the rain. </p>
                <p>Well Al we come in to Vanila the day before yest. in the A.M. and I guess I told you a bout Schaefer haveing that atack and he was all O.K. again when we got off of the Ship bord and I kept a way from him for fear I would may be for get my self and say some thing a bout he being sick. They was a band on the Doc to meet us and when we got off they played the stars and strips and Hale to Columbus and all them tunes and it made a man feel kind a home sick hearing them tunes way over here in a farm country and then we was road all over Vanila from 9 to pretty near Noon and Evans showed me where they bottle up the vanila and its on acct of them makeing so much of it here that this is the reason they named the town Vanila. And he showed me the street where Ad. Dooley won the navey fight from the Philip Beans when america was fighting them the war and the US should ought to of been a shamed to pick on these people Al because there about as big like Bush of the Detroit club and all colered peopl the most of them and cant fight out side of Jack Johnson and this here langferd. Then we had our lunch down to the Vanila hotel and it was so hot that the most of us ran a round with out no coats on and just think of that Al in the middle of Dec. and you and Bertha probily ½ froze there in Bedford. But we wont be to hot very long because the day after tomorrow wear going to go acrost the Equater and Evans says wear libel to run in to 50 bellow Zero and he took me in to a store so as I could get some heaver cloths for when we go acrost the Equater and when we get up to australia. He says I better get some overshoes and big thick mittons and a blankit and wile I was looking over some of the stuff Evans says he had to go to the Hotel and write a letter so I stuck in the store a lone and I had a blankit and some mittons all picked out and they come to a bout $7.00 dollars but I wanted to get my moneys worth on acct of haveing that japan money that Evans told me was worth 4 times as much in Vanila is it is in japan and china. But when I come to pay the man and give him my 5 yens he told me it would be a bout $5.00 more and come to find out Evans was wrong a bout the japan money being worth more and it may be use to be but not no more so all as I got was the mittons and they come to $2.00 dollars and that left me with 1 of them yens and I traded it to the man for a ½ dollar. It looks like I would half to borry some money off of Callahan or Comiskey before we get off of the boat at australia.</p>
                <p>Well Al we went out to the ball pk. in the P. M. and the band went a long and some clubs from the Vanila league was out there in uneform and Schaefer says the diffrunt clubs are all named after some flavor like you get in a soda water fountin on acct of the league is the Vanila league and the teams is called chockaluts and straw burys and cherrys and grape jews. They practiced a round with us a wile and I couldent help from feeling sorry for them and then we was interduced to the Mare of Vanila and the Gens. of the army and navey and then come the game that I all ready told you a bout it and whats a man going to do when you cant make your curve ball brake and your fast 1 is as strate is a string on acct of the air.</p>
                <p>That night they was a Grand ball on the Roof garden at the hotel and the gardens up on the top of the Hotel and I bet I took off 10 lbs tripeing the life fantatic and some of the girls we danced with them was pretty swell lookers only I would of traded any 2 of them for Florrie and Violet the girl that was stuck on me in Detroit and she must of went in the sane to marry that left hander Hill and his fast balls so slow they wont let it on the blvd. 1 of the girls ast me what position did I play on the team and I told her a bout me being a pitcher and she says she thot I was the short stop on acct of the way I danced and I guess she ment how smoothe I moved a round. Then we had some stuff to eat and drink and the party broke up and I went to bed and the next morning thats yest. A.M. we was ast out to Billy Bids prisson and the mgr. of it showed us all threw and his names Stewart but not no relation to the Stewart that was a oficer on the Umpires of japan and theys an other Stewart thats a oficer on the Ship bord wear on now the St. Allbums. Then they was a big lunch for us with all the swell peopl of Vanila and then they was the ball game and I dident even half to dress on acct of me pitching the day before and then we was drove back to the Hotel and down to the St. Allbums and the band played them same tunes like they played when we come and we left Vanila at 6 a clock last night. </p>
                <p>Thats a bout all that come off at Vanila Al accept I guess I dident tell you a bout me not geting no male and I told Callahan a bout it and he says to never mind because he is going to call up Chicago again from australia and will try and find out how my famlys geting a long and they must be some thing wrong or I would of herd from Florrie but I got some post cards in Vanila and if I find out in australia that her and little Al is all O.K. I will send her the post cards from there and if there sick or dead or some thing I might just is well tare the post cards up and there diffrunt views of the Hotel where we stoped at but of coarse if theys some thing the matter at home I will go strate home from australia and will be to worred to think a bout post cards. </p>
                <footer role="presentation">
					<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">Your Pal.</span><br/>
					<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
				</footer>
            </blockquote>
            <blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
                <header role="presentation">
                    <p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">on the Ship bord. Dec. 21.</p>
                </header> 
                <p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Friend Al</b>: Well Al wear safe acrost the Eqater and it wasent ½ as bad is I expected and insted of being cold it was hot and I bet I took off 10 or 15 lbs. prespireing. Evans says its usuly way bellow Zero but it was hot tonight on acct of Mcgraw talking a bout Klem the umpire at the supper table. He was just jokeing and after words he told me it was probily hot because they was so many stars out. </p>
                <p>Id been laying a round on the porch all day and they wasent much doing accept in the morning we seen some vol Canos and they was some site Al and I found out that theys peopl liveing right clost up to some of them and I says to Evans you wouldent never catch me liveing near 1 of them and he says it wasent no worse then playing right field in St Louis. </p>
                <p>Well when we come to the supper table most of the boys wasent wareing there evening cloths but most of them had on these here sutes like the dudes wares in N. Y. city in the summer and come to find out theyd got them in Vanila on acct of expecting to run in to hot weather but Evans says they will wisht they had boughten blankits and fur coats when we get up to australia. Well a little wile after supper the capt says we was geting near the Eqater and Evans told me I better go in and rap up so I come in my room and put on my base ball swetter and over coat and took 1 of the blankits off of my birth and come out on the porch and all the boys was out there waiting for the Eqater and finely we got right clost up to it and dutch Schaefer hollers for evry body to hang on to the rale of the porch and we hung on and all most before you knowed any thing a bout it we was acrost and on the other side and they wasent hardily no jar just a bout like when a train beggins to slow up for the station. But as I say I was pretty near rosted to deth with them cloths on and I come right back in here and got evry thing off and now Im writeing in my night gown. Well Al Im glad we got acrost O.K. and Schaefer says some times the jars worst then other times and a friend of hisn went acrost onct when it was bad and his stumick was drove up in his throte and got stuck there and the Dr. on the Ship bord had to drive it down again with a fungo stick because he dident have no instermunts a long. But wear acrost now Al and all safe and I will male you this letter a long with the 1 I wrote the day before yest. and I will write a couple more and male them all to gather when we get up to australia. </p>
                <footer role="presentation">
					<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">your old Pal.</span><br/>
					<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
				</footer>
            </blockquote>
            <blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
                <header role="presentation">
                    <p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">on the Ship bord. Dec. 24.</p>
                </header>
                <p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Al</b>: Just a note Al to go in with them other 2 letters and I will male them 3 to gather because I couldent get no more then these 3 in 1 envellop and I will write you an other tomorrow night and tell you what kind of a xmas did we have and I never thot nothing a bout tomorrow being xmas til the boys beggin to talk a bout it and there going to fix up a xmas tree for Callahans kids thats a long on the trip and evry bodys going to stick some thing on the tree for them and I guess I will give them 1 of the post cards of the hotel where we stoped at in Vanila and I can buy an other to send Florrie when we get to australia. And what do you think Ål the boys are going to give me a xmas present on acct of the pomes I wrote for them banquits and all so I guess I made a big hit with the boys on this trip because I treat evry body just the same weather there stars or fellows that should ought to be driveing a dray instead of playing ball and may be you know who I reffer to Al. But any way there going to give me a little xmas supprise and Im going to supprise them to Al. Im going to write 1 of them pomes of mine and spring it on them when they call me up to get my present and I guess what ever they give me the pome will more than pay for it unlest of coarse it should be a dimond ring or a dimond brooch or some thing like that and I havent got no idear what is it there going to give me. But it shows they think a hole lot of me even if it aint no more then a small watch or a pare of dimond cuff buttons. </p>
                <p>We aint got up far enough yet to run in to the cold weather and I guess I could of waited till we get to australia before I bought them mittons.</p>
                <footer role="presentation">
					<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">Your pal.</span><br/>
					<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
				</footer>
            </blockquote>
            <blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
                <header role="presentation">
                    <p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">on the Ship bord. Dec. 25.</p>
                </header>
                <p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Friend Al</b>: what do you think of bunch of cheap screws Al and smart alex like the cheap screws thats makeing this trip and if they was where they bellong theyd be runing 1 of these here hawk shops the cheap stiffs. We dont get to australia for 3 or 4 days yet and I only wisht we was going to be there tommorow so as I could get on a boat or a train or what ever is it that would take me home and the sooner I get off of this trip I will be tickeled to deth.</p>
                <p>Well Al I bet you wont beleive it when I' tell you what they pulled off on me after all Id did for them and I wouldent of never came a long on the trip only for Mcgraw and Callahan begging me and sayin they wouldent be no trip unlest I come a long. </p>
                <p>Well Al we stayed up late last night fixxing up the xmas tree for Callahans kids and the boys finely chassed me to bed and says I musent be there when they hung my present up on the tree and this A.M. we was all up early and I was going to try and be out on the porch 1st and see if may be I couldent see what kind of a packige mine was did up in but when I got up pretty near evry body else was up all ready and we all got a round the tree and all the diffrunt presents was gave to the 2 kids and both of them beleives in sandy Claus Al because there nothing but young kids. So when all there presents was gave to them dutch Schaefer says Now we will see what has sandy Claus brought for Jack Keefe and they wasent only I packige left hanging on the tree and I might of knew from looking at the packige that they was pulling some thing off because the packige was to big for a watch or a ring or some thing a man would expect for a xmas present. So Schaefer took the packige down off of the tree and started to give it to me and I started to take it and then Schaefer seen the peace of paper in my hand where I had my pome wrote on it and he says I would half to read the pome before I got the present so I read the pome and I bet I wouldent of read no pome or nothing else if Id knew then what they was giveing me. But the pome was O.K. Al and I will coppy it down and you can see what I read to them. </p>
                <blockquote epub:type="z3998:poem">
                    <p>
                        <span>Boys I want to tell you </span>
                        <br/>
                        <span>How I apresiate this supprise </span>
                        <br/>
                        <span>and the xmas present your giveing me </span>
                        <br/>
                        <span>Comes like a big supprise. </span>
                    </p>
                    <p>
                        <span>Ive tride to be fare with evry 1 </span>
                        <br/>
                        <span>And done the best I can </span>
                        <br/>
                        <span>To make this trip a grand big success </span>
                        <br/>
                        <span>for Comiskey and Callahan.</span>
                    </p>
                    <p>
                        <span>Wear makeing this trip a round the world </span>
                        <br/>
                        <span>And seen all the sites </span>
                        <br/>
                        <span>But boys theys no country in the world </span>
                        <br/>
                        <span>Like the grand old stars and Strips. </span>
                    </p>
                    <p>
                        <span>So thanks for this xmas present boys </span>
                        <br/>
                        <span>I apresiate it 1 and all </span>
                        <br/>
                        <span>And all that I can say to you </span>
                        <br/>
                        <span>Is Mary xmas to 1 and all. </span>
                    </p>
                </blockquote>
                <p>and then they give a big cheer Al and I says I would take the packige to my birth room and open it up but they says no I would half to open it up there in front of them and it was all did up in ribons and tissu paper and I finely got it opened up Al and it was the shirt that I thot had been stole off of me and it hadent even been landryd and was just like it was the last time Id wore it and what do you think of a bunch Al that would pull a thing like that and give you a xmas present that was yours all ready and theyd stole it off of you and hid it some wheres. </p>
                <p>Well Al I was so sore for a minut that its lucky I dident cut lose and bust some body or throw them off the Ship bord only that would not be doing right by the fish to throw a bunch of cheap bums like them in to the Ocean water and poson the Ocean water but its a wonder I dident hall off and bust some body and all as kept me from it was on acct of the ladys in the party so I just told them a few things a bout what they was and then I beat it in to my room and I been here ever since and you can bet your last $1.00 that this here trip will be over as far is Im conserned the minut we get to australia. steve Evans come in to my room a wile a go and he says him self that it was a dirty trick only he dident have nothing to do with it Al and he says it was probily some of them would be pitchers thats jellus because they couldent catch a st. car with there fast 1 and thats who it probily was. </p>
                <p>Well Al they can do all the pitching thats did on the trip after this and we will see if Mcgraw and Callahan likes there kind of pitching because I wont be on the trip no more after we get to australia and may be I will be back in Chicago by the time you get this letter and I wisht now I had of went back on the boat from Honk Honk to the US and may be I would of been in Chicago now with Florrie and little Al. </p>
                <p>Instead of that here I am in the middle of the Ocean some wheres and broke and got to borry money to get home and makeing a trip a round the world with a bunch thats so cheap that if it costed a nichol to get in to heaven they would go to the other place provide it Satin would leave them in on a pass. Only I wont be on no trip after we get to australia. </p>
                <p>But look at me Al spending xmas with these bums here where ever it is wear at and I might of been home spending xmas right with Florrie and little Al and they can take there base ball and keep it for all of me and I will go in to some business where a mans treated right. A fine Mary xmas this is hey Al. </p>
                <footer role="presentation">
					<p><span epub:type="z3998:valediction">Your pal.</span><br/>
					<b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Jack</b>.</p>
				</footer>
            </blockquote>
        </article>
    </body>
</html>